### Daily Quote
> Do not be afraid to give up the good for the great.  
> &mdash; <cite>Kenny Rogers</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Decentralized exchange protocol Uniswap v3 goes live on Ethereum. Uniswap v3 aims to make the on-network exchange of tokens drastically more capital-efficient (4000x).
	- On Wednesday, the National Bank of Georgia announced that it was considering issuing a central bank digital currency, or CBDC. It was looking for many of the same advantages that the myriad other nations launching CBDCs have pointed to: financial inclusion, streamlined settlement and government sovereignty over a developing monetary system.
	- Fintech firm FIS and NYDIG, the bitcoin-focused subsidiary of investment firm Stone Ridge, have partnered on a new service offering that lets banks offer bitcoin capabilities to their customers.
	- Mike Novogratz's crypto merchant bank Galaxy Digital is set to acquire crypto custodian BitGo for $1.2 billion.
	- Crypto data firm Coin Metrics has raised $15 million in a Series B funding round led by Wall Street megabank Goldman Sachs.
	- Ethereum 2.0 (Eth2) staking protocol Lido Finance has raised $73 million in fresh funding.
	- Crypto exchange Bitso has wrapped up a $250 million Series C fundraising round, joining the roster of newly minted crypto unicorns.
- [ ] Financial News
	- Next week’s Producer Price Index report will get a lot of attention as a measure of “inflation in the pipeline”. The March 2021 reading of 4.2 percent for final demand was the highest reading since September 2011’s 4.5 percent.
			-   Plywood (construction): +53 percent vs. last year
			-   Cold rolled steel (durable goods): +75 pct
			-   Copper (construction, durable goods): +43 pct
			-   Corn (food, animal feed): +44 pct
			-   Wheat (food): +32 pct
		- However, commodity prices are no longer as dominant an influence on CPI inflation.
	- The U.S. will support a proposal to suspend intellectual-property protections for Covid-19 vaccines, joining an effort to increase global supply and access to the shots as the gap between rich and poor nations widens. The waiver has been opposed by the pharmaceutical industry.
	- Meebits’ $1.4M (420 ETH) Sale Has Crypto Artists Calling Bubble
	- Sotheby’s art auction house is accepting Bitcoin and Ether as payment for physical artworks, starting with Banksy’s iconic “Love is in the Air,” to be auctioned off on May 12. In collaboration with Coinbase, Sotheby’s becomes the first major fine art auction house to do this.
	- Fast food executives are struggling to restock chicken and expect demand will exceed supply. One of the largest chicken producers in the U.S., Pilgrim Pride, has invested $100 million into creating chicken processing robots that could eliminate the need for 5,600 jobs.
	- SpaceX has so far received more than 500,000 orders for its satellite internet service, which is designed to beam high-speed internet to consumers anywhere on the planet. SpaceX has now launched more than 1,500 internet satellites of its planned Starlink fleet into low earth orbit.
	- Apple closed 100+ deals over the past 6 years...a pace of one about every 3 or 4 weeks. The iPhone maker focuses on filling gaps in its tech stack: It acquired tech for fingerprint ID (AuthenTec), iPhone Shortcuts (Workflow), Apple News+ (Texture), voice assistance (Siri), and Apple Music (Beats). Apple makes an offer based on the number of technical employees (~$3m per engineer). It largely ignores revenue or previous fundraising valuations. These individuals are then offered “golden handcuffs,” which are plush deals that vest over 3-4 years… hopefully enough money to make up for the fact they can’t update their LinkedIn profiles.
	- Investment giant Tiger Global is looking to raise a \$10B growth equity fund. This is mere weeks after raising one of the largest VC funds ever (\$6.7B).
	- Just-in-time auto manufacturing is having a rough time
	- Pfizer's Covid vax sales last quarter ($3.5B) is nearly 25% of its total sales (and its biggest source of revenue). Pfizer expected vax sales for this year is being revised to $26B, up by 40% from the previous forecast. It had secured _~87%_ of the doses distributed worldwide.
	- Wealthy families could face tax rates of up to 61% on inherited wealth under President Biden’s tax plan.
	- Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen suggested that interest rates may "have to rise somewhat" to make sure the economy doesn't overheat. Stocks added to session losses in the immediate aftermath of the comment. Yellen later clarified that she was not forecasting or recommending a Fed rate hike and emphasized her support for the independence of the central bank.
- [ ] Other News
	- The Facebook Oversight Board has upheld Donald Trump's ban on the platform, but has promised a review of the length of the suspension within 6 months.
	- Satellite-navigation systems such as GPS are at risk of jamming
	- Late last week, China launched _Tianhe_—roughly translated as “Heavenly Harmony”—the first module of what will become its newest space station. _Tianhe_ will provide living quarters for the astronauts for up to six months at a time and it will also be where other spacecraft dock to transfer people and supplies.
	- Yahoo.com still gets visited almost 4 billion times a month— more monthly hits than Amazon.com and a number of other internet giants.
	- Lab-grown diamonds accounted for roughly 5% of global diamond production last year.
	-  Bill & Melinda Gates have reportedly already agreed on how to separate their fortune and have pledged to continue working on the foundation together.
	-  Live births in the US recorded their largest single-year drop in nearly 50 years, falling 4%.
	-  Buzzy audio start-up Clubhouse might already be losing its lustre. According to data from Sensor Tower, downloads have fallen from 9.6 million a month to just 900,000 in April.
	-  The director of smash hit video game Witcher 3 left Polish publisher CD Projekt after allegations of workplace bullying, which he denies. 

