## 2021-05-03 

### Daily Quote
> I wanted to achieve something essential in life, something that is not measured by money or position in society. The mountains are not stadiums where I satisfy my ambitions to achieve. They are my cathedrals, the houses of my religion. In the mountains I attempt to understand my life. They are the way I practice my religion. In the mountains I celebrate creation, on each journey I am reborn.  
> &mdash; <cite>Anatoli Boukreev</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Ethereum reached a huge milestone in terms of institutional adoption with the European Investment Bank registering a 100M euro bonds on the network.
	- ETH Breaks $3,000 for First Time! 🚀This means ETH’s market cap is higher than industry titans such as Bank of America and The Walt Disney Company. It’s also resulted in Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin becoming a billionaire.
	- Notional Finance, a decentralized fixed-rate lending protocol built on Ethereum, closed a $10M Series A funding round.
	- Binance is planning to launch an NFT marketplace and trading platform in June.
	- Tesla showed that exiting a sizable BTC position is possible. Genesis showed that a BTC position can raise working capital without creating a taxable event, by acting as collateral for a fiat loan.
	- JPMorgan Chase is preparing to offer an actively managed bitcoin fund to its private wealth clients, possibly as soon as this summer, according to sources.
	- Bitcoin miners hauled in $1.7 billion in revenue during the month of April, according to new data. $247 millions or 14.51% of it came from transaction fees.
	- Ethereum miners brought in more than $1.5 billion in revenue during the month of April.
	- PayPal is exploring the launch of a stablecoin. PayPal has made the rounds among some of the industry’s stablecoin protocol developers.
	- Crypto exchange FTX hires former HSBC exec as it prepares to serve traditional financial institutions.
	- Exchange giant CME Group has launched micro bitcoin futures, smaller-sized derivatives contracts, opening the door for a broader customer base. The micro bitcoin futures are 1/10th the size of one bitcoin and will be settled in cash.
	- MetaMask monthly active users reaching 5M from 1M back in October 2020.
	- DeFi wallets crossed 2M.
	- Less than 1% of the world is using decentralized finance. The total market capitalization of DeFi tokens has broken through $120B. The amount of capital locked in DeFi protocols just crossed $68B.
	- Binance estimated that 300 million people are now in the crypto markets.
- [ ] Financial News
	- U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell spoke about the macroeconomic environment, holding firm to the expectation of an average of 2% inflation over the next few years.
	- Individual investors in the U.S. are holding the highest level of stocks on record as they up the ante by borrowing to magnify their bets or buy on small dips in the market as major indexes climb to fresh highs.
	- Baidu became the first company to roll out a commercial driverless taxi service in China.
	- Consumer spending is rebounding thanks to stimulus(es), vaccines, and business reopenings. Retail sales surged 10% in March, the largest jump in a year. Spending fueled 6.4% GDP growth last quarter, the second-fastest pace since 2003.
	- How much big tech made **per minute** in the first 3 months of 2021:
		- Amazon: $837k
		- Apple: $691k
		- Alphabet: $427k
		- Microsoft: $322k
		- Facebook: $202k
	- Epic vs. Apple in court. Epic claims Apple App's Store stiffles competition.
- [ ] Other News
	- Bill and Melinda Gates Separated
- [ ] Readings
	- [[What DeFi Can Learn From Fintech Adoption]]
		1. Don’t make DeFi about tech
		2. User-friendliness is king
		3. Integrate regular money (fiat on/off ramps)
	- [[Solana DeFi Ecosystem Overview]]
	- https://thedefiant.io/all-the-ways-to-generate-passive-income-with-defi/
- [ ] Videos
	- [A Deep Dive into Solana](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcVek9OnVjw)