## 2021-05-04 

### Daily Quote
> The last time doesn't exist. It's only this time. And everything is going to be different this time. There's only now.  
> &mdash; <cite>Bill Murray</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Ether is the talk of the crypto world after blasting through all-time highs—the cryptocurrency has more than quadrupled in value this year.
	- Three crypto indexes were launched by S&P Dow Jones Indices which marks their first foray into cryptocurrency data. The only assets tracked are Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH) and possess the following tickers: Bitcoin Index (SPBTC), Ethereum Index (SPETH), and a combination of both assets (SPCMC).
	- Ebay's CEO revealed that the company is considering cryptocurrencies as a payment option for their users. He also notes that NFTs are a growing trend on Ebay and wants to capitalize on this opportunity to facilitate NFT purchases.
	- Larva Labs, the developer behind CryptoPunks, has introduced a new set of randomly generated NFT avatars called Meebits. NFT resales already top $3 Million.
	- Leading avatar startup Genies just raised $65m. Genies will launch an non-fungible token (NFT) platform on Dapper Labs’ Flow blockchain.
	- Q1 NFT sales for 2021 topped $2B, compared to $93M during the previous quarter.
	- DOGE has hit highs of $0.5876, making it the fourth-biggest cryptocurrency. Gemini and eToro announcing they now support this altcoin may have contributed to the surge.
	- A Mastercard survey suggests 40% of consumers plan to use cryptocurrencies to make a purchase in the next 12 months. 75% of millennials said they’d be prepared to use Bitcoin and altcoins if they understood them better.
	- EIP 1559, a proposal to standardize Ethereum gas fees for both users and miners, is scheduled to be implemented during Ethereum’s London hard fork in July. The upgrade transforms the fee mechanism and has the potential to essentially decrease the total amount of ETH available, which would make ETH a deflationary asset.
	- $252 million — that's how much revenue the decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem's top protocols generated during the month of April, according to The Block's Data Dashboard.
- [ ] Financial News
	- The weakness in the USD should persist over the next few months due to the very dovish position of the U.S. Federal Reserve (Fed), as well as the twin deficit (current-account and fiscal) according to national bank economists.
	- The CAD should continue on its upswing, thanks to the substantial global economic growth phase supporting commodity prices. As such, the USD/CAD pair should reach the 1.20 mark as soon as the third quarter of the year.
	- Verizon to sell AOL and Yahoo for $5 billion to Apollo Global Management. Yahoo is still the 11th most popular website in the world, and 1.5 million actual human people pay AOL a monthly subscription fee for technical support and identity theft software.
	- Beyond Meat commands 22% of the alternative meat market. Total US plant-based meat sales are up 45% to $1.4 billion, per the Good Food Institute and Plant Based Foods Association.
	- World's biggest jewelry maker will no longer use mined diamonds.
	- Q1 2021 was the largest quarter for venture capital fintech funding on record, according to data from CB Insights. Q1’s funding data shows payments and digital lending are the hottest areas for disruption.
- [ ] Other News
	- The next gen of Covid vaccines being developed could be pills or nasal sprays.
