## 2021-05-19

### Today's Note
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 23
	- Crypto lending platform, BlockFi, has mistakenly deposited large amounts of BTC into users' wallets as part of a March promotion that required reaching the trading volume threshold. BlockFi is attempting to rectify the issue which includes reversing the transactions, restricting withdrawals, and issuing emails threatening legal action where necessary.
	- China reiterated its ban on offering cryptocurrency services, saying crypto is damaging to the financial order.
	- Riot Blockchain, a mining company listed on the Nasdaq, reported a revenue increase of 881% in Q1.
	- Crypto custodian Copper raised $50 million in a Series B.
	- Over the last seven days, CoinShares reports that digital asset investment products saw a net outflow of $50 million, which is the first net outflow since October 2020 and the largest since May 2019. 
	- Overall, $350 billion has been wiped off the total market cap of all cryptocurrencies in under 24 hours. While BTC is down by about 10%, several major altcoins are nursing single-day losses of more than 15%. Just three coins in the top 100 have actually managed to appreciate since yesterday: Polygon, Fantom and SushiSwap.
	- As a graphics card shortage rumbles on, NVIDIA has announced that it is reducing the hash rate of some of its most popular products to make them less appealing to crypto miners.
	- During the crash, the world’s biggest crypto-trading platforms were hit by disruptions as digital currencies from Bitcoin to Ethereum slid in a collapse that wiped out billions of dollars in market value. Binance, the world’s biggest cryptocurrency exchange, temporarily disabled Ethereum withdrawals, citing network congestion, while Coinbase Global Inc. reported “intermittent downtime” on its platform, before saying it had identified and fixed the issue. Kraken said it’s working to fix some client disruptions.
	- New York isn’t ready for bitcoin mining, says state lawmaker proposing a three-year moratorium.
	- The OCC, Federal Reserve and FDIC are considering an 'interagency sprint team' for crypto regulation.
	- Yearn Seizes Dip and Buys Back $1.47M of YFI Token.
	- Sushi Introduces Miso Token Launchpad. MISO stands for “Minimal Initial SushiSwap Offering”.
	- Coinbase Wallet has a new Chrome browser extension that will be competing directly with MetaMask, DeFi’s long-standing go-to browser wallet.
	- ETH gas price went up to 2000 gwei during the crash which is ~55-60$.
	- When Bitcoin dropped to \$30K,  it triggered \$8B in liquidations. Approximately 838,740 traders were liquidated and the largest single liquidation order happened on Huobi ($67M worth of BTC).
	- The Ethereum Foundation released a ball-park estimation of Ethereum's future energy consumption after it transitions to proof-of-stake (ETH 2.0) in the coming months; they predict the network will use around -99.95% less energy
	- Wells Fargo’s wealth and investment management division will soon roll out an actively managed crypto strategy.
	- Gavin Wood, creator of Polkadot and its sister chain Kusama, said Polkadot was entering the fourth and final phase of its mainnet launch where it will deploy parachains to the Kusama network.
	- According to three sources familiar with the matter, India’s government may be reconsidering its stance on crypto with the formation of a new regulatory panel.
	- CEO Michael Saylor of Nasdaq-listed MicroStrategy claimed that entities he controls have now acquired ₿111,000 and they "have not sold a single satoshi".
	- Artist Sean Williams alleged that Instagram is building an NFT platform.
	- The Nervos Foundation announced the launch of a $50M fund in collaboration with CMB International, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Merchants Bank, that will invest in DeFi protocols, dApps, and NFT marketplaces.
	- During the recent market pullback, ~$662M in DeFi loan collateral was liquidated.
	- Blockchain-based streaming service Sator developed a dApp that will enable users to earn NFTs, tokens and “other rewards” by watching TV and playing games.
- [ ] Financial News
	- Commodities, which have been dictating movements in the loonie of late, are maintaining their gains. Copper and WTI crude oil are notably up 34% since the start of the year. The CAD is taking advantage of this situation and is atop the list of the best performing G10 currencies against the U.S. dollar since the start of the year. Yesterday,it reached its highest level since 2015.
	- Statistics Canada says the consumer price index in April was up 3.4 per cent compared with a year ago, when prices plunged due to the pandemic. Year-over-year inflation rose at its fastest pace since May 2011
	- Fidelity just launched trading accounts for 13–17-year-olds. That means teens can open an account to make deposits, use a debit card, or trade stocks, mutual funds, and most ETFs.
	- Ford's F-150 (non-electric) has been the best-selling vehicle in the US for 39 years straight. Ford sold nearly 800K F-Series vehicles last year. Ford's annual sales from F-150s are more than Tesla's total yearly sales of all its models.  Today, Ford unveiled the new all-electric F-150 Lightning.
	- Amazon is reportedly in negotiations to purchase MGM for $9B. Amazon has made big investments in Prime Video, which attracted 175M viewers over the past year.
	- Robinhood might reveal its IPO filings as soon as next week.
	- Last week, PayPal acquired logistics wunderkind Happy Returns for a “who knows, won’t tell” amount. The Santa Monica-based company provides logistics software and services to online retailers flooded with returns. Based on Happy Returns’ own data, items purchased online are 3-4x more likely to be returned than those purchased in store.
	- Goldbelly, the Bay Area-based platform, plans to announce a $100m financing round led by Spectrum Equity later this week, per the New York Times. Goldbelly differs from apps like Postmates and Uber Eats in that the delivery radius is the entire United States.
- [ ] Other News
	- In the US, 59% of electricity was generated using natural gas or coal last year, according to the US Energy Information Administration.
	- Climate Change Net-Zero Carbon Target for 2050 includes the following milestones:
		- Blocking new investments in oil and gas fields starting next year
		- Ending the sale of internal combustion engine-powered cars by 2035
		- Quadrupling the amount of new solar and wind capacity that is added annually by 2040
	- Google Aims for Commercial-Grade Quantum Computer by 2029.
	- Fewer than 14% of the US’ restaurants have closed permanently or long-term due to Covid, far lower than experts’ initial projections of about 33%.
	- Amazon Prime spent $465 million for the first season of a new Lord of the Rings series.
	- Lamborghini revealed its plans for an electric future, including gas-electric hybrid models of its entire lineup by 2024.
	- On Tuesday Google debuted LaMDA, or Language Model for Dialogue Applications, which it called “breakthrough conversation technology.” The tech picks up on the nuances of how we speak and can “talk” back in a way that feels relatively natural.
	- Amazon is extending its ban on police use of its facial recognition technology indefinitely.
	- Amazon is rolling out WorkingWell, a program that it hopes will slash its incidence rate -- an Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) metric to compare and evaluate safety -- in half by 2025. About 40% of Amazon injuries are musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs), which are sprains and strains caused by repetitive motions.
	- The Plastic Waste Makers Index reveals that just 20 firms are responsible for producing ~55% of the world's single-use plastics.
	- US searches for “restaurant” and “bar” are at/very near an all-time high since the time series started in 2004.
- [ ] Local News
	- Le gouvernement Legault a dévoilé le calendrier selon lequel les activités vont reprendre partout au Québec. Toutes les régions devraient passer en zone orange d’ici le 31 mai, au jaune d’ici le 14 juin, puis au vert d’ici le 28 juin.
	- Dès dimanche, la Société des alcools haussera les prix de plus de 1800 produits vendus dans ses succursales. La hausse moyenne sera de 0,30 $ par produit, ou 1,2%. En même temps, la SAQ baissera le prix de 700 produits, de 0,33 $ en moyenne. Elle ne changera pas celui de 600 autres produits.
