## 2021-05-14 

### Daily Quote
> Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
> &mdash; <cite>John Wooden</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Crypto Fear & Greed Index at 31 yesterday
	- The biggest news of the week came from the likeliest of places: Elon Musk’s Twitter account, where he tweeted out an announcement putting a halt on BTC purchases for Tesla vehicles due to the environmental concerns associated with Bitcoin’s proof-of-work consensus algorithm.
	- Tether says its reserves are  backed by cash to the tune of . . .  2.9%. It looks like just over 20 per cent of its reserves are made up of liquid, quality assets. The reserve analysis also shows that Tether’s assets are made up mainly of various forms of long and short-term corporate debt. We do not know if this debt is secured or unsecured, nor what the assets backing it are (if there are any). The reserves are thus exposed to unknown levels of credit and liquidity risk. 
	- FTX.US hires former Citadel Securities exec to 'massively scale' its crypto exchange
	- Microsoft is closing down its Azure Blockchain Service in September
	- "Ethereum is About Six Months Away from Proof-of-Stake:" Preston Van Loon. Preston co-founded Prysmatic Labs, one of the main teams building Ethereum 2.0, and has been leading that team for the past three years. On top of that, he recently founded a DeFi project which bundles the entire crypto market cap in one token to allow anyone to easily buy something like a crypto index.
	- This week Elon Musk announced that Tesla would not, in fact, be accepting Bitcoin as payment for Tesla cars, citing concerns over how much energy Bitcoin mining uses. For those keeping score this announcement comes only 3 months after Musk announced that Tesla would accept Bitcoin.
	- Vitalik Buterin, the creator of cryptocurrency Ethereum, has donated the equivalent of $1bn to the COVID-19 relief fund in India.
	- The SEC released a staff statement that painted Bitcoin in a somewhat negative light during a week Bitwise announced a crypto company ETF, Cboe acknowledged support for Fidelity’s Wise Origin ETF application, and VanEck filed for an ETH ETF.
	- Binance is reportedly under investigation from the DOJ and IRS. Bloomberg reports that officials from the DOJ and IRS have “sought information from individuals with insight into Binance's business.”
	- Larry Cermak, director of research at The Block, speculated that Vitalik’s token dump stemmed from the tokens clogging up Ethereum, which consistently caused gas fees to go over $400.
	- Vitalik posted on Uniswap’s governance forum, proposing that Uniswap’s UNI token should become a price oracle in the same vein as a Chainlink -- but simpler, with a strict focus on price rather than data feeds.A UNI price oracle would specialize in wrapping real-world numbers into smart contracts on Ethereum.
	- A crypto company ETF run by Bitwise launched on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BITQ. The ETF tracks a list of 30 public companies with significant exposure to crypto -- such as Coinbase, Microstrategy, and Tesla.
	- Switzerland’s largest investment bank, UBS, is reportedly planning to offer wealthy clients exposure to cryptocurrencies, though the details are unclear. UBS would follow in the footsteps of Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Bank of New York Mellon as a high-profile banking institution granting clients access to crypto. 
	- MoneyGram, a cross-border payments company, announced a partnership with ATM provider Coinme to allow U.S. customers to withdraw cryptocurrency holdings in cash -- with plans to expand internationally in 2021. The company plans to offer Bitcoin at 20,000 outlets by the end of the year.
	- After hinting at the idea last week, EBay announced that it is now permitting the sale of NFTs on its platform. Users will be able to bid on NFTs just like any physical item on the website.
	- The Block reports that Point72, a hedge fund founded by billionaire Steven Cohen, is set “to get big in crypto,” which could mean a sizable investment in digital assets since Point72 managed as much as $22 billion as of April 1.
	- DeFi protocol xToken suffered an exploit on Wednesday to an attacker using flash loans. The hacker got away with roughly $24.5 million worth of crypto, including $8 million in SNX and $6 million in BNT.
	- A single BTC transaction generates the same amount of carbon as ~1M Visa transactions. Bitcoin consumes 707 KWh of energy per transaction — that's 11X more than Ethereum, 38X more than Litecoin, and nearly 6,000X more than Doge.
	- Coinbase's quarterly revenue tripled to $1.8B from the previous quarter, and profit 4X'd as crypto prices skyrocketed.
	- Elon Musk has revealed he is currently working with DOGE’s developers to improve system transaction efficiency, while Coinbase says it plans to list the coin within the next eight weeks.
	- Galaxy Digital’s Mike Novogratz has told New York magazine that 85% of his net worth is in crypto.
- [ ] Interest Rates
	- DAI
		- Highest Yields: Fulcrum at 10.96% APY, Nexo Lend at 10% APY
		- Cheapest Loans: Compound at 6.42% APY, Aave at 7.24% APY
	- USDC
		- Highest Yields: Fulcrum at 11.65% APY, Nexo Lend at 10% APY
		- Cheapest Loans: Compound at 7.29% APY, dYdX at 10.18% APY
	- Total Defi Users: Est. 2.37M
- [ ] Financial News
	-  U.S. consumer sentiment deteriorated unexpectedly in early May as more Americans grew increasingly concerned about rising prices.
	-  A group of around 10 banks, including big players such as JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and U.S. Bank, will begin sharing customers' deposit account records with each other as an alternative underwriting method for credit cards in the US. The program will be geared toward applicants without credit scores—an estimated market of 53 million.
	-  The ongoing chip shortage is expected to cost the auto industry $110 billion this year, almost double analysts' estimate from January.
	-  The spring labor shortage will push wages up 3% before settling.
	-  This week McDonald's announced plans to raise wages by around 10% for more than 36,000 workers who work in its company-owned restaurants (not franchises). They employ more than 4 million people across the United States alone. McDonald's pulls in $2.9m a year per restaurant. Chick-fil-A does a whopping $4.5m. Starbucks, Taco Bell and Burger King do around $1.5m per restaurant per year. The average Subway does just $410k a year. 
	-  Softbank has reported the largest profit of any Japanese company in history, with $45.9bn in net profit for the year ending in March.
	-  In a videoconference with universities in Atlantic Canada, Bank of Canada Governor Tiff Macklem provided clarification about his game plan, stating that ending support measures would be conditional on a complete recovery in the economy. In concrete terms, this would mean the creation of 700,000 additional jobs and sustainably keeping inflation around the 2% target, among other benchmarks.
	-  Chegg is a platform where students tap experts for “24/7 homework help.” Chegg said it’s expecting \$790m-\$800m in net revenue this year.
	-  Disney’s latest earnings were a disappointment, with Disney+ subscribers hitting 103.6m (below the estimated 109m).
	-  Vinted is an online platform that allows ~45m users to buy and sell fashion accessories and home goods. TechCrunch reports that the Lithuania-based startup just raised $303m at a $4.5B valuation (a notable jump from its $1B price tag in 2019).
	-  It turns out Colonial Pipeline paid a $5 million ransom to hackers in hopes of restoring the country’s largest fuel pipeline, which had been disabled due to a security breach. Bloomberg reports: “Once they received the payment, the hackers provided the operator with a decrypting tool to restore its disabled computer network. The tool was so slow that the company continued using its own backups to help restore the system, one of the people familiar with the company’s efforts said.”
	-  Stagflation is characterized by slow economic growth and relatively high unemployment—or economic stagnation—which is at the same time accompanied by rising prices (i.e. inflation). Stagflation can also be alternatively defined as a period of inflation combined with a decline in gross domestic product (GDP).
	-  The Renaissance IPO ETF, which holds a number of public companies that IPOed within the last two years, has fallen nearly 30% from its peak in February.
	-  US commercial casinos raked in $11.1 billion last quarter, according to the American Gaming Association, matching their best quarter ever. And 12 states set monthly gambling revenue records in March.
- [ ] Other News
	- The Biden administration said it will begin updating its guidance for travel, schools and other sectors, likely further relaxing rules across the U.S. after health officials largely lifted mask mandates for Covid-vaccinated people.
	- Israel’s forces fired artillery into the Hamas-run Gaza Strip and kept up a blistering five-day air assault, sweeping aside international appeals for de-escalation.
	- High-earning Americans are now more likely to move homes than low earners—a reversal of the usual pattern—as the pandemic offers remote-work opportunities to white-collar employees. 
	- “Junk” health insurance could be quietly costing Americans thousands. These are low-cost plans that are stuffed with fine print excluding payments for common treatments, imposing more severe limits than general insurance plans, and denying coverage for pre-existing conditions.
	- Earlier this year, Google announced that it was ending internal software development for its Stadia video game platform, shutting down offices in Los Angeles and Montreal.
	- As of Thursday, 59% of US adults have received at least one dose of a Covid-19 vaccine, inching closer to Biden's new goal of 70% by the Fourth of July
- [ ] Local News
	- Selon un rapport de l’Institut de recherche en économie contemporaine (Iréc), le Réseau express métropolitain de l’Ouest pourrait coûter 9 milliards $, plutôt que les 6,5 milliards $ actuellement estimés par le gouvernement.
	- Greyhound a définitivement mis un terme à ses trajets interurbains à l’intérieur du Canada – le transporteur par autobus prévoit toutefois de reprendre ses activités sur certaines lignes entre le Canada et les États-Unis, dont Montréal-New York et Montréal-Boston.
	- Le ministre responsable de la Langue française Simon Jolin-Barrette a déposé le projet de loi 96 qui prévoit de modifier la Charte de la langue française.
	- Selon une étude réalisée par Nergica, un centre de recherche sur l’énergie renouvelable situé en Gaspésie, moins de 1% de l’électricité produite au Québec vient de l’énergie solaire. Pourtant, dans le monde, l’énergie solaire représente 23% de l’énergie produite à partir de sources renouvelables.
	- Foodtastic, un franchiseur montréalais qui exploite 370 restaurants principalement au Canada, a acheté mercredi la bannière Copper Branch. Cette chaine de restaurants végétaliens était en difficulté financière depuis l’automne dernier.
	- La compagnie d’exploration spatiale fondée par Elon Musk a annoncé un partenariat avec Google pour mettre en place son système d’accès internet haut débit par satellite.