## 2021-06-07 

### Daily Quote
> Keep on going and the chances are you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I have never heard of anyone stumbling on something sitting down.
> &mdash; <cite>Charles F. Kettering</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 17
	- Square Inc. is planning to invest as much as $5 million dollars into a new solar-powered Bitcoin (BTC) mining facility for Blockstream Mining. Other than providing project updates, the initiative will also feature a public dashboard, where users can view the performance of the mining facility in real-time.
	- According to Jack Dorsey, Square is also considering making a hardware wallet for Bitcoin.
	- FTX has acquired the naming rights for Team Solomid, an esports organization, for $210 million dollars 10-year deal. However, TSM FTX will not be able to showcase their new name and branding in League of Legends and Valorant, both created by Riot Games.
	- Solana is looking to raise between \$300M-\$450M, as reported by Decrypt
	- Anonymous released a video chastising Elon Musk for his crypto antics.
	- This weekend saw 10,000+ Bitcoiners descend upon Miami to join in on the largest Bitcoin conference in history.
	- Norton antivirus adds an Ethereum mining feature to its latest release. The amount of currency generated from Norton Crypto is likely to be small, and Norton will take a 15% cut. Norton also announced a secure, cloud-based wallet for storing mined funds and transferring them to Coinbase.
	- MicroStrategy launched a $400 million offering of senior secured notes this morning to acquire more bitcoin. Unlike the previous two offerings, these bonds are "vanilla", not convertible, and they are secured by the company's assets.
	- Goldman surveyed 25 long-only and hedge fund CIOs at round table sessions it hosted last week. The CIOs were surveyed on their views and outlooks, including their favorite investment styles and asset classes. 35% said BTC was their least favorite, followed by new IPOs at 25%, said Goldman strategists.
	- China’s crypto crackdown is showing no signs of abating. A number of high-profile accounts on Weibo, a microblogging site not dissimilar to Twitter, vanished over the weekend. Warnings suggested that they were taken down because they violated "laws and rules." Experts say Beijing may be fearful that a Chinese version of Elon Musk could emerge.
- [ ] Financial News
	- On Saturday, the finance ministers from G7 nations announced their support for a global corporate minimum tax of 15%, which would require companies to pay at least a 15% rate in each country they operate in. In addition to the 15% minimum tax, the agreement by the G7 calls for an extra tax on profits from the “largest and most profitable multinational enterprises.” 
	- On Saturday, El Salvador’s president, Nayib Bukele, said he’s going to send a bill to the legislature to make bitcoin a legal tender in the country. It’d be the first country to formally adopt the cryptocurrency as part of its economy. 70% of the population does not have a bank account. 20% of the country’s GDP comes from remittances, which are payments sent by Salvadorans living abroad back to the country. Bukele said that bitcoin could help streamline those cumbersome cross-border payments, while promoting “financial inclusion” for those left out of the system.
	- The big economic data point of the week will be the consumer price index Thursday. Prices in May are expected to have increased even more than they did in April.
	- Yellen said that President Joe Biden’s $4 trillion spending plans should be pushed through, even if they trigger higher inflation and interest rates. Speaking to Bloomberg News during her return from the tax meeting in London, the Treasury secretary said that ending up in a “slightly higher interest rate environment would actually be a plus from society’s point of view.”
	- The reading of +575,000 jobs created in May in the United States left markets underwhelmed. The disappointment is related to the fact that U.S. companies are openly interested in hiring, but the labour force participation rate has been stagnant for several months. A number of explanations have been put forward, but ultimately, workers do not appear in any hurry to return to the job market. In Canada, we saw a loss of 68,000 positions. The vast majority of these were part-time work (-54,000 jobs) affected by distancing measures adopted by certain provinces. The “temporary” aspect of this setback mitigated the negative reaction.
	- Last week, Etsy -- the internet’s craft fair -- announced its acquisition of London-based shopping platform Depop for $1.625B in a “mostly” cash deal. Depop is a marketplace for buying and selling secondhand clothing via an app.
	- London’s Firstminute Capital is the 1st VC fund backed by 100+ unicorn founders. 2020 was a record year for European startups with $41B in funding. Q1 2021 saw $20B flow in, more than doubling YoY.
- [ ] Other News
	-  The IMF estimates that 40% of all foreign direct investment is “phantom” in nature, meaning it’s money that passes through empty corporate shells, often for the purposes of lowering a company’s tax bill. 
	-  Average hourly earnings in the US for workers in leisure and hospitality rose to $18.09 in May, their highest level ever. But is that enough to attract more employees and alleviate the worker shortage?
	- Cruise, the self-driving company, won approval from California to start testing its driverless taxi service with the public.
	-  GameStop reports on Wednesday.
	-  Nestlé acknowledges that ~70% of its food products aren’t healthy, having <3.5 stars on Australia’s health star rating system. Drinks were worse, with 96% of its beverages failing to meet the 3.5 star threshold.
	-  Two pages of Isaac Newton’s handwritten notes are expected to fetch \$850k-\$1.3m at auction next month. Meanwhile, a small sketch of a bear head by Leonardo da Vinci is expected to bring in ~\$11m-\$17m the same day.
- [ ] Local News
	- Première vague de chaleur: des alertes dans plusieurs régions. Les températures atteindront ou dépasseront 30 degrés – avec un ressenti allant jusqu’à 40 degrés avec l’humidité.
	- À partir d’aujourd’hui, Montréal, Laval, et la dizaine de MRC qui se trouvaient encore en zone rouge passent à l’orange. Les salles à manger des restaurants et les gyms peuvent donc rouvrir.
	- La menace d’une nouvelle vague d’infections à la Covid-19 recule dans les pays riches. Mais la croissance, un peu partout dans le monde, du variant Delta – identifié en Inde – pourrait provoquer une nouvelle vague et retarder le déconfinement dans plusieurs pays.
	- Les professionnels et techniciens de la santé sont en grève aujourd’hui et demain.
	- Selon l’indice FAO mesuré par l’Organisation des Nations Unies pour l’alimentation et l’agriculture, les prix des produits alimentaires dans le monde ont bondi de presque 40% par rapport à mai 2020. C’est la plus forte augmentation depuis 2011.
	- Le fournisseur montréalais de logiciels de point de vente Ligthspeed va acheter deux plateformes américaines de commerce en ligne, Ecwid et NuOrder, pour un total de 925 millions $US. Ces deux acquisitions laissent transparaitre les ambitions de Lightspeed de concurrencer directement Shopify, le géant canadien du commerce en ligne.
	- Le PIB canadien devrait croitre de 6,1% en 2021, selon le Conference Board of Canada, qui fait donc la même prévision que celle de l’Organisation de coopération et de développement économiques (OCDE) il y a une semaine.