Related: [[Brown firms]], [[green vs. brown]]

---

### “green” companies (alternative energy, energy efficiency and other clean technologies) 

https://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/finance-and-investment/defining-and-measuring-green-investments_5k9312twnn44-en

*Extracted Annotations (11/13/2020, 11:00:21 AM)*

"The paper examines how "green" investments are defined across different
asset classes (equities, bonds and alternative investments), as well as
providing some estimates of the size of these markets. The paper
concludes that, given the lack of consensus on the usage and definition
of the term "green" the most productive approach could be to take an
open and dynamic stance towards definitions and standards, with
international institutions and governments adopting a governance
approach to green investment‟." (Inderst et al 2012:5
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/KGKUWQSH?page=5>)

"Le document examine comment les investissements « verts » sont définis
à travers différentes classes d‟actif (actions, obligations and
investissements alternatifs) et fournit également certaines estimations
de la taille de ces investissements. Le document conclut que, étant
donné le manque de consensus autour de l‟usage et de la définition du
terme « vert », l‟approche la plus productive pourrait être d‟adopter
une attitude ouverte et dynamique au regard des définitions et des
standards, les institutions internationales et les gouvernements pouvant
adopter une approche de gouvernance pour l‟investissement vert‟."
(Inderst et al 2012:5 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/KGKUWQSH?page=5>)

"It investigates two main questions: 1. Is there a broad consensus
around the definitions or is the term used in different ways by
different investors and in different contexts? 2. Can a proposal be
constructed for a broad definition of "green investment" and possibly a
„green standard‟ or check list?" (Inderst et al 2012:6
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/KGKUWQSH?page=6>)

"Green "investment‟ is a very broad term. It can be stand-alone, a
sub-set of a broader investment theme or closely related to other
investment approaches such as SRI (socially responsible investing), ESG
(environmental, social and governance investing), sustainable, long-term
investing or similar concepts." (Inderst et al 2012:6
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/KGKUWQSH?page=6>)

"The "greenness" of assets can be postulated in absolute terms (a good
or technology is green or not green) or in relative terms (e.g. one
company has lower greenhouse gas emissions than another or is more
energyefficient). Green investments are invariably conflated with
climate change mitigation or adaptation, and the definitions focusing
around climate change are more uniform as they can to a certain extent
be deduced from the science about how to address climate change."
(Inderst et al 2012:10 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/KGKUWQSH?page=10>)

"Definitions of "green" can be based on ex ante arguments (e.g. any
activity in sustainable energy, energy efficiency or water management),
or based on specific indicators. There are qualitative and quantitative
definitions, trying to measure different grades of "greenness". The
latter requires some sort of indicator or measure of greenness (e.g.
greenhouse gas emissions, energy efficiency, recycling and waste
management, more points in a scoring system, etc.)." (Inderst et al
2012:10 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/KGKUWQSH?page=10>)