| [[2021-04-30]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-02]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-01 

### Daily Quote
> At that point where you have decided to upgrade from aspiration to expectation and have begun to visualize an outcome, something incredibly important has happened, you have committed to the process of change.  
> &mdash; <cite>Lorii Myers</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 10:40 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Binance plans to launch its own NFT marketplace in June.
	- Coinbase said it will acquire data and analytics provider Skew.
	- [[Notable Crypto Events - April 25 to May 1]]
	- Fidelity unveils digital asset analytics tool for institutional investors, SherlockSM.
	- DeFi lending startup Notional Finance raises $10 million in Series A round. Other players in the space includes Greenwood, Element Finance and Liquity.
- [ ] Financial News
	- The eurozone (all the countries that use the euro as a currency) slid into a technical recession last quarter, with GDP declining 0.6%. A recession = two consecutive quarters of negative economic growth. The US grew 1.6% comparatively.
	- Yesterday, the EU issued antitrust charges against Apple over its App Store practices.
	- Last weekend, during a government-organized event called the Digital Summit, the People’s Bank of China provided the most extensive demonstration yet of its digital currency work, reports Wolfie Zhao.
	- China tells its tech giants to stop offering financial services beyond payments. In a meeting with industry representatives this week, regulators told companies that the bundling of multiple financial services into their products has “obscured how much money was flowing through the various products,” reports the Wall Street Journal.
- [ ] Other News
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Guide for cryptocurrency users and tax professionals]]
- [ ] Videos
	- [[Is Renting Always A Waste Of Money]]