| [[2021-04-11]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-13]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-12 

### Daily Quote
\> One does not accumulate but eliminate.  It is not daily increase but daily decrease. The height of cultivation always runs to simplicity.  
\> &mdash; <cite>Bruce Lee</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 10:20 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Extreme contango in the Bitcoin futures curve. On the CME -- one of the most straightforward avenues for institutional traders to go long Bitcoin exposure -- prices trade at a significant premium to spot.
		- For example, at the close of trading on Friday, Bitcoin spot was just over $58,300, whereas the December 2021 CME contract was over $63,000.
		- What this means is that in theory you could go long spot Bitcoin, while shorting the December future, and if you just wait for the two to converge then that's an easy 8% return in 12 months
		- Contango is a frequent feature in commodity futures curves but with, say, oil, you have storage costs if you buy the spot oil and carry it all the way to the out months. Of course Bitcoin doesn't have carrying costs, but it has all kinds of other issues. There's still not a great way for a regulated, big institution to just go long spot Bitcoin.
		- With an ETF approval, the spread would theoretically compress significantly, because then there would be a super simple way to go long spot and short the futures all in the same accounts -- making the execution much easier.
	-  After failed token sale and $1B bond offering, Telegram is reportedly eyeing an IPO
	-  Binance launches tokenized stock trading, starts with Tesla
		-  following the likes of FTX and Bittrex Global.
	-  
- [ ] Financial News
	- Senior execs from almost 20 companies are heading to the White House today to discuss the current chip shortage and ensure more supply chain chaos doesn’t break out in the future.
	- A new analysis from the Wall Street Journal found that chief executives’ median pay at 322 major public US companies rose to $13.7 million last year, up from $12.8 million in 2019. 206 of the 322 CEOs surveyed received a raise, with a median increase of nearly 15%.
	- Nearly 70% of US teens own AirPods, according to a new survey from Piper Jaffray. 88% have an iPhone. 
	- One study from Brazil found that the vaccine from the Chinese company Sinovac was 50.4% effective, compared to Pfizer’s 97%.
	- The biggest report of the week is Tuesday’s Consumer Price Index, which will reveal how worried we should actually be about inflation. Retail sales (Thursday) and housing starts (Friday) are two other data points to watch.
	- Amazon soundly defeated the union’s organizing effort by emphasizing that it already paid well above the federal minimum wage of $7.25. And that’s true: All of its employees make at least $15 an hour.
		- Fifteen dollars an hour for a full-time worker translates to about $31,000 a year, less than half of U.S. median family income.
		- “Amazon is reorganizing the very nature of retail work — something that traditionally is physically undemanding and has a large amount of downtime — into something more akin to a factory, which never lets up.”
	- Microsoft is near a deal to buy artificial intelligence and speech technology company Nuance Communications at a price that could value Nuance at $16 billion, _Bloomberg_ reported Sunday
	- OPEC+ members finally decided to move forward with an increase in oil production. The cartel is betting that the global economic recovery will allow importing countries to absorb the additional oil supply.
	- The State Administration for Market Regulation (SAMR) said Saturday that it had determined that Alibaba had been abusing market dominance since 2015 by forbidding its merchants from using other online e-commerce platforms.
		- The $2.75B fine was the highest-ever antitrust penalty imposed by China.
	- An E\*Trade Financial survey found that roughly three-quarters of retail investors believe the market is “fully or somewhat” in a bubble, a 3 percentage-point increase from the previous quarterly poll. At the same time, bullish sentiment has increased, rising to pre-pandemic levels at 61%.
	- The latest NY Fed Consumer Survey data shows Americans are expecting inflation to top 3 percent over the next 1-3 years.
	- US Google search interest in “ESG” is now higher than for “index funds”, a first.
	- US investors have been selling gold funds and buying equity products and that neatly explains the relative move between the 2 asset classes so far in 2021.
- [ ] Readings
	- [[The WSJ is at a crossroad]]
	- [[Master Class on SPAC]] 
	- [[Canada Mutual Fund Fees]]