| [[2021-05-23]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-25]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-24 

### Daily Quote
> You are very powerful, provided you know how powerful you are.
> &mdash; <cite>Yogi Bhajan</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 7:00 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 14
	- This week, the world’s best chess players will compete in the FTX Crypto Cup for a shot at 2.18 bitcoins (BTC) and close to a quarter of a million dollars.
	- Chiliz (CHZ) has just added Alfa Romeo Racing and Aston Martin Cognizant to their long list of sports-based partners.
	- DeFi100, a DeFi project on Binance Smart Chain, had orchestrated a long con, taking off with approximately $32 million dollars worth of funds.
	- A brand new eco-NFTs project called CryptoTrunks was forced to pause its operations 2 days after its launch due to the massive Ethereum (ETH) gas fees that have been used to access it, rendering it counterproductive. CryptoTrunks let users produce and grow any 1 of 19,500 pixelated trees based on the carbon footprint generated by a wallet’s trading activity.
	- Huobi, a crypto exchange, suspended miner hosting services in China, along with other functions.
	- The “Grayscale discount” improved to 10% over the weekend -- up from 20% a week ago.
	- Goldman Sachs to release a report on crypto as an asset class later this week.
	- 
- [ ] Financial News
	- North American movie theater revenue plunged to $2.2 billion in 2020 from $11.4 billion in 2019 as the pandemic caused theaters to shut down for months. Closures were especially painful during the summer season, which brings in about 40% of the year’s total haul. Last summer, theaters grossed $176 million, a 96% decrease from 2019.
	- China stepped up its fight against soaring commodity prices with a government commission saying there would “zero tolerance” for “excessive speculation” and hoarding which it said contributed to the recent rally.
	- The rise of Amazon’s advertising business, which generated billions of dollars in the first quarter. Most of that came from ads nestled into Amazon’s search results, but a growing portion comes from commercials that appear on product pages and in TV shows and films that stream for free on another Amazon service, IMDB TV. The company recently said 55 million people watched such ad-supported content over the last year.
	- After going public at a valuation of $24B in March 2017, Snap cratered, with its value falling to $6B in late December 2018. But after years of incredible execution, Snap is now worth $86B and it’s building an ecommerce platform for the future. Ecommerce is a good way for Snap to diversify, with advertising making up 99% of revenue. Snap just passed 500m monthly users.
		- Virtually try on clothes: Users can shop brands’ catalogs and -- with advanced augmented reality (AR) -- superimpose clothes onto their body and jewelry on their wrists
		- Copy an outfit: “Screenshop” is a feature that allows users to scan a photo and receive clothing recommendations based on the image
		- Shop in the app: Businesses can launch public profiles and list products that users can buy with a click
	- Netflix is hiring a dedicated exec to help the company expand into video games. This isn’t very surprising: The global game industry is worth ~$180B, nearly 2x the global film industry.
- [ ] Other News
	- The ninth installment of the Fast & Furious franchise, F9, debuted in international markets this weekend and brought in $162.4 million, $135.6 million of which came from China. That’s the best opening of a Hollywood film since the pandemic began.
	- A routine commercial flight from Athens to Vilnius, Lithuania, spiraled into a dramatic international incident after Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko forced the flight to make an unscheduled pit stop in Minsk, the capital of Belarus. Lukashenko was after one of the passengers, dissident journalist and blogger Roman Protasevich, who was arrested once the plane landed in Minsk.
	- Microsoft is replacing IE with its Edge browser. Here’s what browser market share looks like today, according to StatCounter’s most recent worldwide numbers: Chrome: 65%, Safari: 19%, Firefox: 4%, Microsoft Edge: 3%, IE: <1%. 
- [ ] Local News
	-
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Tokenized Stocks]]
	- https://www.investmentexecutive.com/newspaper_/news-newspaper/u-s-lags-canada-in-crypto-regulation/
		- That decision [on 3iQ on launching a BTC fund which paved the way to BTC ETFs] also signalled the OSC’s preference for giving investors access to innovative but regulated opportunities.
		- The OSC views its role as engaging with capital market participants and facilitating innovation.
		- The SEC has repeatedly rejected retail crypto funds on the basis that the underlying market for Bitcoin is too vulnerable to fraud and manipulation.
		- https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-05-21/bill-gates-s-carefully-curated-dad-geek-image-unravels-in-two-weeks
		- https://defitutorials.substack.com/p/how-to-use-defizap
- [ ] Videos
	- 
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
