| [[2021-04-14]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-16]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-15 

### Daily Quote
> It is easy to sit up and take notice, What is difficult is getting up and taking action.  
> &mdash; <cite>Honore de Balzac</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 6:05 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- If Bitcoiners are going to insist on actually comparing the currency to the big fiats, then they should use proper measures. What is the Bitcoin share of international payments? What is the Bitcoin share of central bank reserves? How much Bitcoin-denominated debt is there? These are the logical type of ways to rank and compare money.
	- Armstrong’s key insight was that to mainstream the crypto industry, there had to be an interface that worked with existing banks and governments. For a crypto exchange to go mainstream, its security had to be top-notch.
	- ARK Investment Management bought shares of newly-public Coinbase Global (NASDAQ:COIN) for three different funds, while selling some of its Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) holdings. For about $246M worth of Coinbase shares.
	- The Danish Red Cross has teamed up with blockchain startup Replexus to issue the first-ever blockchain-based catastrophe bond. So-called cat bonds let the relief organization raise money that can be spent immediately in the event of a disaster.
	- Coinbase, Ledger, and other crypto services impacted by client sync issue following Ethereum's Berlin hard fork
	- One of the historic criticisms from Bitcoin bears is the distinct lack of cryptocurrency regulation. Those days may be coming to an end, however, as global financial regulators seem poised for a crackdown.
- [ ] Financial News
	- Chase and Goldman Sachs score record quarters
		- In the first quarter of the year, IPO companies raised a record $162B (compared to $37B in the first quarter of 2020). And SPACs have already raised more in 2021 than they did in _all of 2020_. Banks are the ones making IPOs and SPAC mergers happen — and they're getting paid big bucks for underwriting and advising.
	- LVMH's market cap makes it Europe’s most valuable company, beating out oil giants and banks. It's even worth more than Nestlé (Earth's largest food company).
		- LVMH created a mass market for luxury by offering a spectrum of brands with broad pricing, for a broad customer base – not just the mega-rich.
		- LVMH’s edge = appealing to the _aspirational_ rich.
	- The Biden administration is poised to impose a raft of new sanctions on Russia in retaliation for alleged misconduct including the SolarWinds hack and efforts to disrupt the U.S. election
	- America spending on health care: In 2019, that spending reached \$3.8T (\$11.6k per person). By 2028, it’s projected to hit $6.2T.
	- U.S. stocks jumped to record highs with retail sales and weekly jobless claims signaling an accelerating recovery in the world’s biggest economy.
	- A few weeks ago, SoFi and Robinhood both announced they would start allowing their customers to buy shares of companies going public, before they hit the market in an IPO.
		- While this idea is not new (online brokerage firms like Schwab, Fidelity, and E\*Trade already offer it for select IPOs), such access has traditionally been reserved for the wealthy.
		- SoFi plans to become an underwriter, meaning that it will buy the securities from the issuer then sell them back, as opposed to strictly acting as the broker.
	- The Brazilian fintech company Nubank is now the largest neobank in the world, with 33 million customers and a $25 billion valuation. That valuation is already half that of Itau’s market cap, the largest bank in Brazil, which has been around for more than 75 years.
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Coinbase Notes]]]