| [[2021-04-04]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-06]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## Monday, 05 April 2021

### Daily Quote
> The best way to predict the future is to create it.
> &mdash; <cite>Abraham Lincoln</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 9:35 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Average prices for NFTs have tumbled 70% since their February high, per the NFT marketplace tracker nonfungible.com.
	- [[China Creates its Own Digital Currency, a First for Major Economy]]
	- Japan's central bank begins digital currency experiments
- [ ] Financial News
	- In Q1, SPACs accounted for more than 25% of the total value of all deals in the US. However, one index that measures SPAC performance has entered a bear market
	- The cherry blossoms in Kyoto, Japan, had their earliest peak in more than 1,200 years of record-keeping this year. Experts say earlier flowering is a sign of a warming climate.
	- About 20% of buyers of new houses never move in.
- [ ] Readings
	- [x] [[Ethereum - A Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized Application Platform]]
	- [x] [[Vitalik Buterin]]
	- [x] [[Nick Szabo]]
	- [x] [[How are bitcoin created - Illustrated Guide]]
	- [x] [[Cambridge Bitcoin Electricity Consumption Index]]
	- [ ] [[3rd Global Cryptoasset Benchmarking Study]]
	- [ ] [[Distributed Ledger Technology Systems - A Conceptual Framework]]
	- [ ] [[Webinar - 3rd Global Cryptoasset Benchmarking Study & Legal and Regulatory Considerations for Digital Assets]]
	- [x] [[Bitcoin Q&A]]

Quote: Instead of nationally siloed financial systems that are dependent on law enforcement we're going to see more global vending machine like financial transactions. By Nick Szabo.

