| [[2021-05-17]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-19]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-18 

### Daily Quote
> Time to improve is limited. The clock is always on and doesn't care if you don't feel like it. Someone else does and they're passing you by.
> &mdash; <cite>William James Moore</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 9:15 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 21
	- Bitcoin dropped to $42,000, a three-month low
	- According to the United States Federal Trade Commission, scam cases spiked from October 2020 onwards, with nearly 7,000 cases and over $80 million lost to scammers.
	- Dan Harmon, co-creator of Rick and Morty, will be teaming up with Fox Broadcasting company to develop Krapopolis, the 'first-ever animated series curated entirely on the Blockchain.'
	- While Tesla's initial embrace of bitcoin was a major stamp of legitimacy for the crypto, the CEO's comments are now fueling critics' argument that cryptocurrency is too volatile. "If one person can dramatically alter spending power, the 'stable store of value' criteria of a currency is not met," UBS Chief Economist Paul Donovan wrote.
	- China bans financial, payment institutions from cryptocurrency business. Under the ban, such institutions, including banks and online payments channels, must not offer clients any service involving cryptocurrency, such as registration, trading, clearing and settlement, three industry bodies said in a joint statement on Tuesday.
	- Bank of America joined the Paxos Settlement Service, which uses blockchain tech to achieve same-day settlement for stocks
	- Decrypt reports that Ethereum transaction fees for May of 2021 are close to breaking the previous monthly record of $722 million -- with two weeks left to go in the month -- thanks to the bullish combination of network use and ATH ETH prices. 
		- Growth of Ethereum between Q1 2021 and Q1 2020:
			- Total transaction fees on Ethereum are up 200x, to $1.7 billion
			- Daily active users increased 71%
			- Total value locked in DeFi rose 64x to $52 billion -- from $800 million
			- NFT art sales rose from $700k to $396 million
- [ ] Financial News
	- Yesterday, AT&T confirmed reports that it's spinning off its entertainment division, WarnerMedia, and merging it with Discovery to create a $120+ billion media company. AT&T shareholders will have a majority stake (71%), and Discovery CEO David Zaslav will lead it. If the deal is approved by regulators, this new content giant would be home to CNN, HBO, TBS, Warner Bros., Discovery Channel, TLC, HGTV, Animal Planet, and Food Network.
	- Biden's infrastructure plan, which emphasizes public transit over roads, calls for a $621 billion investment into modernizing transportation networks.
	- For corporations, ransomware—a type of cyberattack where hackers encrypt data and demand payment before restoring access to the files— has become a big expense. According to Palo Alto Networks, the average payment has nearly tripled so far this year to $850,000 after doubling in 2020 compared to 2019. IBM Security X-Force estimates that the hacking group Sodinokibi made over $123 million all by itself.
	- Twitter may be working on a $2.99/month subscription service called Twitter Blue (creative).
	- Amazon in talks to acquire film studio MGM.

- [ ] Other News
	- Every registered thoroughbred horse is a descendant of one of three stallions: the Byerly Turk, the Darley Arabian, and the Godolphin Arabian, who came to England from the Middle East around 1700.
	- The New York Times reported on Monday that Apple has made several concessions to the Chinese government, compromising some users’ privacy and aiding censorship on the Chinese version of its App Store.
	- Per The Wall Street Journal, retailers across America are facing shortages of digital skills (e.g., data analysis, engineers). Many companies are looking to reskill internally. McKinsey, a consultancy, estimates that replacing an employee costs 20%-30% of the annual salary, while retraining an existing employee costs <10% of their annual pay.
	- An investigation by The Los Angeles Times claims that Montañez may have fabricated his involvement with the creation of Flamin’ Hot Cheetos. The company now alleges that Montañez was “not involved in any capacity” in the invention of Flamin’ Hot Cheetos, and that the snack’s development was a group effort led by MBAs and corporate marketers.
- [ ] Local News
	- Plusieurs médias ont rapporté hier que le gouvernement Legault devrait justement, en présentant son plan de déconfinement de Québec à 17h aujourd’hui, annoncer la réouverture des terrasses en zone rouge dès le 28 mai.
	- Le gouvernement Legault a présenté son plan pour construire, en 10 ans, un troisième lien – souterrain, celui-ci – entre Québec et Lévis. Les travaux préparatoires doivent commencer l’an prochain.
	- Le nombre de faillites d’entreprises au Canada est à son plus bas niveau depuis 35 ans
	- 
- [ ] Readings
	- [The Bitcoin Community Should be Embarrassed](https://www.ar.ca/blog/crypto-market-recap-05-17-21)
- [ ] Videos
	- 