| [[2021-04-20]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-22]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-21 

### Daily Quote
> If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.  
> &mdash; <cite>Barack Obama</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 6:40 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Strategists at JPMorgan Chase & Co. are warning that if Bitcoin doesn't make a break back above $60,000 soon, momentum signals for the digital asset will collapse.
	- CI Global Asset Management (“CI GAM”) announced today that it is capping the management expense ratio (“MER”) of CI Galaxy Bitcoin ETF (TSX: BTCX) and CI Galaxy Ethereum ETF (TSX: ETHX) at 0.95%
- [ ] Financial News
	- Stocks fell for the second straight day, especially in sectors tied to "reopening"—airlines, cruises, and more.
	- After years of dominating the streaming industry, Netflix's market share slipped below 50% in Q1 for the first time ever, according to Parrot Analytics. Despite the heated competition, Netflix still has first-mover advantage. Netflix remains the majority of viewers’ No. 1 choice of stream-and-chill service, and up to 92% of viewers that signed up for competing streaming services also have Netflix.
	- iOS 14.5. Apple sneaked a mention on its website that its new operating system is available starting next week. It'll bring landmark privacy updates, such as requiring apps to ask users to opt into data collection. Companies that rely on advertising, including Facebook, could see substantial hits to profits.
	- Discord cut off talks with Microsoft about an acquisition and could pursue an IPO in the future, per the WSJ.
	- Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc.’s Google will face the Senate Judiciary Committee’s antitrust subcommittee today, with lawmakers concerned over the way both companies run their app stores. Another tech giant, Amazon.com Inc., is becoming a headache for efforts to reach a global tax accord as the company would likely escape the new rules as its margins are too small.
	- Apple's big product unveil: AirTags, pod subscriptions, and a whole lot of color
	- Pricing pressures were already been seen in the market last week, with the biggest monthly rise in the consumer price index since 2012.
	- Amazon signed on with ULA (a Boeing / Lockheed Martin rocket venture) to send 3k+ satellites into orbit. Amazon will spend $10B+ in an effort to provide high-speed broadband everywhere.
	- In 2015, Clearco -- an Ontario-based startup previously named Clearbanc -- created another funding model for the internet age. With an abundance of data and AI-powered analytics, the startup unveiled the revenue-share agreement (RSA). Clearco will invest funds -- from $10k to $10m -- for you to spend on ads. In return, Clearco plugs into your payment system and takes a percentage of sales until it recoups the investment + 6% (however long that takes).
	- The Bank of Canada has made a drastic U-turn in the space of three months from being extremely cautious to be being extremely upbeat. While there's still some ways to go until we get a move on rates, the Bank has taken the first step toward exiting QE.
		- On the **inflation front**, there are modest upgrades to CPI in 2022 and 2023. This year's Q4/Q4 figure was pushed up notably, from 1.5% to 2.2%, fuelled by gains in commodity prices.
	- Permanent moves from cities to suburbs are a lasting structural shift in American life, perhaps the single most important investment theme to come out of the pandemic. 
- [ ] Other News
	- The EU's drug regulator recommended adding a warning to J&J's vaccine that there's a possible link to extremely rare blood clots, but concluded it shouldn't be pulled from use because the benefits outweigh the risks. J&J will resume its rollout in Europe.
	- Twelve megadonors spent $3.4 billion on federal candidates and political groups between January 2009 and December 2020, accounting for $1 of every $13 spent on federal elections in the post-Citizens United era.
	- In the US, the chances of a killing by the police leading to a murder conviction are about one in 2,000 since 2005.
	- Biden to unveil plan to cut U.S. emissions by half
	- The latest data from Our World In Data reveals that cases in India have exploded in the last month, with 1.7 million new cases confirmed in the last 7 days alone.
	- Within just two days of announcing, the backlash to the proposed Super League was so severe that 9 of the 12 teams have now pulled out - leaving the competition in tatters before a single ball was kicked.
	- Though Mars’s gravity is one-third of the Earth’s (which should make flying easier), its atmosphere is only around 1% as dense. This thin air—equivalent to an elevation three times the height of the Himalayas—makes it difficult to generate lift. _Ingenuity_ ’s rotor blades therefore have to spin at 2,400rpm, around five times faster than helicopters on Earth, and need hundreds of computer-controlled adjustments every second in order to maintain their stability.
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Robinhood App Design]]
	- [[Quadriga Ponzi Scheme]]
	- [[Bitconnect Ponzi Scheme]]
- [ ] Videos
	- [[Cryptocurrencies - Last Week Tonight with John Oliver]]