| [[2021-04-18]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-20]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-19 

### Daily Quote
> Once your excuses are gone, you will simply have to settle for being awesome!  
> &mdash; <cite>Lorii Myers</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 9:00 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Bitcoin prices plunged over the weekend, falling as much as 19.5 percent from last week's record high above $64,800. Bitcoin dropped as low as $52,148.98 early Sunday before climbing back above $55,700, according to CoinDesk.
		- This weekend's market turmoil resulted in the triggering of roughly 864,000 crypto futures liquidations. About 70 percent of those liquidations -- some 613,000 -- occurred on crypto exchange Binance.
		- In total, $8.46 billion in long liquidations occurred on April 17. $4.35 billion and $1.59 billion took place on Binance and Huobi, respectively. Of the total value of liquidations, $4.6 billion were bitcoin futures liquidations.
		
	- Coinbase’s venture arm has invested in 100+ startups. Coinbase completed 19+ deals just in Q1 2021, making it among the most active crypto investors.
		* Compound Labs: A platform that allows people to earn interest from cryptocurrencies
		* Minimum Spanning Technologies: A permanent digital storage service
		* Zora Labs: A marketplace for limited edition digital tokens
		* Rally: A platform that allows artists to launch digital currencies
		* Amber Group: A Hong Kong-based crypto trading firm
	- 
- [ ] Financial News
	- Fewer than 200,000 business establishments closed from March 2020 to February 2021 on top of the roughly 600,000 businesses that typically turnover in a given year, according to a new Federal Reserve report. An estimated 130,000 of those "excess" closures were businesses going under (as opposed to just closing one of their locations).
	- Subscription streaming time soared 34% last year, to over an hour a day. Netflix, which reports earnings tomorrow, crossed 200M paid subscribers. Disney+ crossed 100M subscribers last month, just 16 months after launching.
		- Amazon spent a whopping $11B on Prime Video and Music content last year, up 41% from 2019.
	- Shell asked shareholders to endorse its clean energy transition strategy, with a vote set for May 18. Shell is the first oil giant to seek investor approval on a pivot away from oil (it's leaning into electricity). If investors ship Shell's strategy, it could push others to do the same.
	- Alipay, Earth’s biggest financial app, will now be overseen by China’s central bank. China is also warning dozens of other tech companies to follow regulation.
	- The global market for plant-based meat alternatives is projected to reach $450B by 2040, as reported by Bloomberg.
		- Today, the leader in the market is Beyond Meat but Impossible Foods is catching up.
		- As it stands, fake meat only makes up **2.7%** of total packaged meat sales.
	- Apple documents show that the iPhone maker pays $0.01 per stream, 2x Spotify’s rate. Spotify still delivers more total dollars to the music industry as it has more users (345m vs. 60m+).
	- Ant Group is exploring options for founder Jack Ma to divest his stake in the fintech giant and give up control, Reuters reported, citing meetings with Chinese regulators. The decision would help draw a line under Beijing's scrutiny of the business after it pulled Ant's listing in November, which was set to be the world's largest IPO.
		- While Ma only owns a 10% stake in Ant (worth billions) and has stepped down from corporate positions, he retains effective control over the company via related entities, according to Ant's IPO prospectus. He also has significant influence over e-commerce affiliate Alibaba, which has a one-third stake in Ant.
- [ ] Other News
	- More than half of all US adults have received at least one dose of a Covid-19 vaccine, and today all restrictions on people over 16 are lifted.
	- In a joint statement Saturday, the world's two largest economies said they'd work together to combat climate change. The countries are No. 1 and No. 2 on the World's Top Emitters list, together contributing almost half of the fossil fuel emissions that warm the planet.
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Forbe's Midas List]]
	- [[The Top Five Regrets of the Dying]]
- [ ] Videos