| [[2021-04-05]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-07]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## {{today}}

### Daily Quote
> “It always seems impossible until it is done.”
> &mdash; <cite>Nelson Mandela</cite>

### Today's Note

- [ ] Woke up at 8:35 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- The value of the entire crypto market top $2T for the first time on Monday, just two months after it surpassed $1T
	- The so-called "Kimchi premium" is a phenomenon where Bitcoin trades at a significantly higher price on Korean exchanges.
		- The Korean won is a restricted currency. You can't just freely sell it. You can't freely get it out of the country, trade it for USD.
	- XRP surpasses $1 for the first time since 2018: What’s behind the new rally? 
		- Mostly a technical rally, not too many fundamentals
	- Fidelity, Coinbase, Square form crypto council to lobby policy makers

- [ ] Financial News
	- After parting ways with PayPal, eBay is making a payments comeback
	- **Global tax:** Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen pushed for a global minimum corporate tax rate, citing a “30-year race to the bottom” in which countries have lowered the tax limbo bar to attract businesses.
		- President Biden has proposed hiking the U.S. corporate tax rate to 28% from 21%, partially undoing the Trump administration's cut from 35% in its 2017 tax legislation. Biden also wants to set a minimum U.S. tax on overseas corporate income to make it harder for companies to shift earnings offshore.
	- H&M, Adidas, and Nike are facing boycotts in China.
- [ ] Readings
	- [ ] [[Stablecoins - Why Tether Faces Challenges - WSJ]]