| [[2021-04-13]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-15]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-14 

### Daily Quote
> The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones..  
> &mdash; <cite>Chinese Proverb</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 7:45 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Bitcoin hit a record high ahead of Coinbase's historic direct listing today. Based on the Nasdaq’s reference price of \$250/share, the crypto exchange will be valued at ~$65 billion when it hits the public markets.
		- It is unlikely that any transactions will occur at that price, with every major direct listing so far opening significantly above its reference price. Coinbase could be the largest public debut since Facebook’s $104B bonanza in 2012.
	- COIN wrote in a news release that as of Monday, it had 130.7M Class A shares and 68.5M Class B ones outstanding, or 261.3M in total when shares are measured on a fully diluted basis.
		- Class A stock carries one vote per share, while Class B has 20, according to the filing.
		- Venture-capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, is the largest owner of Coinbase, boasting about 25% of Class A shares and 14% of Class B.
		- Key stats
			- **Users:** 56m retail accounts and 7k institutional accounts
			- **Revenue:** $1.8B in Q1 2021, which was more than all their revenue in 2019 and 2020 _combined_
			- **Market share:** 11% of the entire crypto-economy trades on Coinbase, up from <5% in 2018
		- Coinbase gets 95% of its revenue from transactions, and its current take rate from retail investors is quite high (up to 1.5% vs. 0.05% for institutions).
		- A bear case for Coinbase is that its fees will fall as more players -- from consumer fintech (Square, PayPal), brokerages (Fidelity), crypto exchange (Gemini, Binance) -- take share.
	- With cryptomining on the rise… so is cryptojacking, where hackers use software to take over vulnerable computers and use them to mine cryptocurrency without permission.
		- The current hot bed for such attacks is Central Asia, where many flocked for starting cryptocurrency mining farms due to extremely low electricity costs. But beyond these low electrical rates is a concerning abundance of malware.
- [ ] Financial News
	- China’s tech antitrust crackdown has now expanded from Alibaba to almost 3 dozen of the country’s largest internet and platform companies. Four of these companies are in the top 10 holdings of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index and 6 are in the top 10 of the MSCI China Index. Both indices meaningfully lag the S&P this year, with a more regulated, less-tech friendly environment in China dampening investor enthusiasm.
	- Nvidia Corp. is on a winning streak. The red-hot maker of graphics chips used for video games, artificial intelligence and cloud computing surpassed Intel Corp. last year to become the most valuable U.S. chipmaker.
		- PC gamers desperate for chips are struggling to get them. Part of the reason is a global semiconductor shortage. Another part is that cryptocurrency miners are buying them up instead.
	- FDA recommended pausing Johnson & Johnson single-dose Covid vaccine while they investigate reports of rare blood clots. 
		- To-date, J&J has accounted for <5% of all US shots administered.
	- Southeast Asian "superapp" Grab is going public through a SPAC merger with Altimeter Growth Corp. The deal values Grab at $39.6 billion, making it a) the most expensive SPAC merger ever and b) the largest share offering ever from a Southeast Asian company in US markets.
		- Singapore-based Grab is a ride-hailing, food-delivering, hotel-booking, online-banking, mobile payment-facilitating, insurance-providing goliath with over 187 million users. 
	- More than 50% of the global market share for seeds is controlled by three corporations: Bayer, DuPont, and Syngenta. Farmers' rights activists are worried about the growing privatization of the genetic sequences of plants: The number of patents on plants has increased from less than 120 in 1990 to 12,000 currently.
	- Charles Rettig, the commissioner of the IRS, told the Senate Finance Committee yesterday that tax evasion in the US costs the government about $1 trillion a year, up from about $440 billion a decade ago. 
	- The housing market is going wild in the U.S. Prices are soaring all around the country, and the frenzy to buy is so intense that half of the homes on the market are selling within a week, according to Redfin. 
		- Sawmills and lumber yards are facing widespread labor shortages leading to soaring lumber prices
		- Lumber prices are up nearly 260% since April 2020, following a perfect storm of surging demand and diminished supply.
	- Egypt seizes ship that blocked Suez Canal
		- Egyptian authorities are demanding that the ship's Japanese owner, Shoei Kisen Kaisha Ltd., pay at least $900 million to cover the damage to the canal, the rescue operation, and lost business.
	- Mushrooms are taking over America, from food to wellness to drugs. Not only was the mushroom market expected to produce $7.4 billion in revenue by the end of 2020 in the U.S., but the global mushroom market is projected to reach $69.3 billion by the end of 2024.
	- Fortnite maker Epic Games raised $1B in funding at a $28.7B valuation. The most ironic investor on the list: the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan Board.
- [ ] Readings
- [ ] Videos
	- [[The Better Boarding Method Airlines Won't Use]]
	- [[How Machine Learn]]