| [[2021-04-06]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-08]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-07 

### Daily Quote
> Let go of who you think you're supposed to be; embrace who you are.  
> &mdash; <cite>Brene Brown</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 9:30 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- How the billionaire Winklevoss twins are betting on a decentralized future
		- **Bitcoin**: They turned a $10m bet into a $6B fortune.
		- **Gemini:** Founded cryptocurrency exchange Gemini in 2014, which trades 33 crypto assets. While much smaller than Coinbase, _Forbes_ notes that the exchange could raise money at a $5B valuation.
		- **Nifty Gateway**: Acquired Nifty Gateway, a non-fungible token NFT art marketplace. In March, Nifty Gateway processed 70% of the $188m in art sold across the top 7 NFT marketplaces.
		- **BlockFi:** Crypto startup which lends money against crypto holding and just raised $350m at a $3B valuation.
		- **Protocol Labs**: An open-source project that helps build decentralized services. One example is Filecoin, a decentralized computer storage system where users earn money by renting out their own storage space.
		- “The idea of a centralized social network is just not going to exist 5 or 10 years in the future,” Tyler Winklevoss tells _Forbes_.
	- **Coinbase** reported monster Q1 2021 numbers ahead of its direct listing on April 14. Revenue hit $1.8B for the quarter (vs. $191m in Q1 2020) and net income reached $730m+ (vs. $32m).
	- [[Critics of Signal Adding Crypto to Messaging App]]
- [ ] Financial News
	- Yahoo is shutting down Yahoo Answers
	- Visual Communications Platform Canva Announces USD 15 Billion Valuation
	- **Credit Suisse is having a very bad 2021.** Somehow, the Swiss bank is deeply involved with 2 of the biggest non-GameStop financial scandals of the year:
		-   **Greensill Capital:** A supply-chain financing startup (which raised $2B+ from Softbank) that extended bad loans and filed for bankruptcy in early March.
		-   **Archegos Capital**: A $10B+ family office run by trader Bill Hwang that blew up at the end of March.
	-   **LG calls it quits**. LG is pulling the plug on its smartphone business.
		-   According to Counterpoint research, LG smartphones accounted for just 2% of the global market last year
	-   Forbes has released its 35th annual list of the world's billionaires. This year they counted 2,755 billionaires, 660 more than a year ago. Their cumulative wealth has grown $5 trillion since the start of the pandemic to $13+ trillion.
	-   Patreon, the platform that helps creators monetize their fanbase, has tripled its valuation to ~$4bn after raising a fresh round of $155m in financing. 
	- Which US sectors are having recruitment trouble? **Restaurants**, **Airlines**, **Manufacturing**
- [ ] Readings
- [ ] [[How To Invest in Crypto - Marketwatch Webcast]]