| [[2021-06-10]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-06-12]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-06-11 

### Daily Quote
> People rise to the occasion without hesitation when they feel inspired and challenged.
> &mdash; <cite>Lorii Myers</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at xxx am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 21
	- Curve Finance rolled out a major update to V2, enabling trades between uncorrelated assets similar to other DEX like Uniswap or Sushiswap. Curve V2 provides automatic rebalancing of provided liquidity in contrast to Uniswap V3, which allows external inputs to manually rebalance liquidity. The goal behind each design is maximum capital efficiency and minimal end user input, with two different philosophies on how to achieve the optimal combination.
	- More protocols are making their way onto Polygon as Matcha, Furucombo, and 0x set up shop on the leading Eth scaling competitor. In particular, the 0x and Polygon communities have joined forces to donate more than $10 million to bring 1 million users into the Polygon ecosystem, while 0x APIs will make it easy to aggregate liquidity from different DEX protocols that have been ported to Polygon.
	- Enterprise-grade blockchain Solana raised $314 million in a funding round led by a16z and Polychain Capital, the third largest funding total in crypto industry history. Solana will use the funding to develop an incubation studio for nascent projects in the Solana ecosystem and provide funding for promising projects via a venture investment arm of the Solana Foundation.
	- DAI: highhest Yields: Fulcrum at 12.66% APY, Nexo Lend at 10% APY, Cheapest Loans: Aave at 3.81% APY, Compound at 4.89% APY
	- USDC: Highest Yields: Nexo Lend at 10% APY, Celsius at 9.48% APY, Cheapest Loans: Aave at 3.24% APY, Compound at 4.99% APY
	- Arrington Capital, a digital asset management firm in blockchain-based capital markets, today announced it has launched a new $100 million USD fund to support initiatives building on Algorand, a leading blockchain accelerating the convergence of decentralized and traditional finance.
	- ForUsAll, a 401(k) provider, is partnering with Coinbase to allow administrators to invest up to 5% of their 401(k) contributions in crypto.
	- Ledger raised a $380M Series C at a $1.5B valuation.
	- The SEC sent out a second note to investors, warning against Bitcoin futures.
	- Karura, a DeFi network for Kusama and Polkadot, raised $100M via a crowd loan.
	- CryptoPunk 7523 sold for $11.7M.
	- The Texas Department of Banking gave crypto custody a greenlight for state-chartered banks.
	- Referencing El Salvador, an IMF spokesperson said that “adoption of bitcoin as legal tender raises a number of macroeconomic, financial and legal issues.”
	- Bitcoin 2021 is getting attention for all the wrong reasons. Reports suggest the conference, attended by tens of thousands of people, may have caused a spike in coronavirus cases.
	- David Guetta Selling Penthouse for 374 BTC at current prices… or 5,650 ETH.
- [ ] Financial News
	- Consumer prices: They jumped 0.6% from April to May and 5% from last year, the fastest annual increase since 2008. Driving the price increases were…
		- Airfare, food, and beef
		- Household furnishings, boosted by a record price increase for floor coverings
		- But mostly used vehicles, which accounted for a third of May's total price hikes
		- This inflation reading compares May 2021 to May 2020, when prices were in the dumps during the onset of the pandemic. When you compare prices to 2019, they rose just 2.5% in May.
	- GameStop stock falls sharply (-27%) amid 5M-share sales plan, SEC investigation.
	- It’s been a counter-intuitive week in the Treasury market. Benchmark 10-year notes are poised for their biggest weekly gain in a year, with yields sinking to 1.43%. One way to read that would be to point to the huge increases in used vehicles, airfares, hotels, and label May’s numbers as transitory.
	- Milliman data show that the 100 largest corporate pension plans were almost 100% fully funded in May, up from a funded ratio of 82% in July 2020. Bank of America sees that sparking a “massive rotation” from equities into high-grade debt as pension managers look to lock in gains.
	- "Buy now, pay later" is booming: Europe's biggest fintech Klarna hits a $46B valuation.  Klarna is one of the buy-now-pay-later firms — like Affirm and Afterpay — have been thriving since the pandemic began. PayPal also intro'd a BNPL checkout option last year.
- [ ] Other News
	- Jobless claims, which track the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits, dropped for the sixth straight week to 376,000. That's the lowest number since last March, when most businesses were forced to close and unemployment spiked.
	- US household wealth climbed to a record $136.9 trillion in Q1 thanks to rising values of stocks and homes. For perspective, that's a 3.8% increase from the previous quarter and almost double Americans' wealth from 10 years ago. 
	- The US economy appears to be firing on all cylinders but one: a serious worker shortage that's led to the largest number of job openings on record. U.S. employers had 9.3 million job openings available at the end of April, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported Tuesday, the highest number recorded since the government started collecting the data in 2000.
	- The G7 is reportedly discussing plans to phase out sales of new gas-powered cars by 2030, protect 30% of their lands and waters from pollution, and help lower-income countries cut emissions. 
	- Wealthier countries are answering calls to share their vaccines. G7 leaders are expected to announce they'll be giving 1 billion doses out in the coming year. 
	- Over the last week, China has been vaccinating an average of 20 million people a day, according to Nature.
	- Harvard Medical School professor Aaron Kesselheim resigned from an FDA advisory panel after the agency approved Biogen’s potentially game-changing but also controversial Alzheimer’s drug. Three members of the advisory panel have now quit following the decision.
	- The US has lost $400 billion to unemployment fraud during the pandemic, experts told Axios, most of which was stolen by foreign crime syndicates.
	- Didi, a Chinese ride-hail giant, filed for a US IPO yesterday and reported a $1.7 billion loss last year on $21.6 billion in revenue. 
	- Electronic Arts was breached by hackers who stole internal tools and source code for some of the company's video games, including FIFA 21.
	- The holograms are coming: tech companies' big bet on the future of remote work.
	- SpaceX’s satellite internet network Starlink is in talks with airlines to offer in-flight Wi-Fi.
- [ ] Local News
	- Pandémie: le Québec ne rattrapera pas les chirurgies reportées avant 2023.
	- Air Canada remboursera jusqu’au 12 juillet – soit 30 jours de plus que prévu – les billets qui n’ont pas été utilisés à cause de la pandémie. Jusqu’à présent, 40% des 1,8 million de clients concernés ont réclamé un remboursement. Air Canada indique également qu’elle compte réembaucher 2600 employés au cours de l’été, pour répondre à l’augmentation attendue des voyages, avec la levée progressive des mesures sanitaires aux frontières.
	- Le gouvernement lance une consultation publique pour déterminer si certaines pratiques actuelles des courtiers immobiliers alimentent la surchauffe immobilière. Au terme de cette consultation, Québec envisage de revoir l’encadrement du courtage immobilier dans la province.
	- Selon le Commissariat à la protection de la vie privée du Canada (CPVP), la Gendarmerie royale du Canada a violé la loi en utilisant plus de 500 fois le logiciel de reconnaissance faciale de l’entreprise américaine Clearview Ai.
	- Microsoft souhaite rendre Xbox Game Pass – le service d’abonnement actuellement associé à sa console de jeux Xbox One – compatible avec des téléviseurs intelligents, ainsi qu’avec des appareils de diffusion continue (_streaming_) que l’entreprise compte produire prochainement.
	- Le géant de la vidéo lance une boutique en ligne pour vendre des vêtements et des objets qui reprennent les thèmes et les marques de ses films et séries, dont _Stranger Things_ et _Lupin_. La boutique utilise la plateforme de commerce en ligne de la société canadienne Shopify. Elle est disponible aux États-Unis depuis hier et le deviendra dans d’autres pays au cours des prochains mois.
- [ ] Readings
	- 
- [ ] Videos
	- 
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
