| [[2021-04-08]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-10]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-09 

### Daily Quote
> Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.  
> &mdash; <cite>Maya Angelou</cite>

### Today's Note

- [ ] Woke up at 7:20 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- The SEC will be releasing its internal communications to Ripple on how it determines if a cryptocurrency is a security or not.
	- The Crypto Council for Innovation, a group consisting of Fidelity, Coinbase, Square, and Paradigm, launched on Tuesday to lobby governments and institutions on crypto-related policy.
	- The whole reserve currency story is overrated. The dollar is popular globally because it's stable and Americans have a lot of wealth and buying power. And if there's any economic system that Bitcoin poses a threat to, it's the one with high surveillance and tight capital controls -- not the one where people are largely free to do whatever they want with their money.
- [ ] Financial News
	- Canada: Economy adds 303,000 jobs in March, unemployment rate falls to 7.5 from 8.2
	- Android might be (mostly) free at the point of use, but it's a huge revenue generator for Google. The Google Play Store is the official app store for Android devices, and it's very likely a big chunk of the **$21bn of revenue** that Google reported as "other revenues" in 2020.
	- Last year Amazon pulled in over $15bn in advertising revenue, making up more than 10% of the US digital ad market
	- More than $72bn of investment went into North American startups in the first quarter of this year, according to data from Crunchbase — the highest quarterly number on record.
	- Apple Inc. and Epic Games Inc. Apple's digital marketplace supports more than $500 billion a year in commerce, and the company makes billions of dollars from fees it charges for in-app purchases. That 30% cut is significant.
	- The Cboe Volatility Index closed at the lowest level since February 2020.
- [ ] Readings
	- [[NFT Canon]]
	- [[Crypto Investment Thesis]]
	- [[Trans-Canada Capital]]
- [ ] Podcasts
	- [[Mark Cuban on Why He Thinks ETH Is a Better Store of Value Than Bitcoin]]
	- [[What $1.8 Billion in Q1 Revenue Means for Coinbase’s Direct Listing]]