| [[2021-06-04]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-06-06]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-06-05 

### Daily Quote
> Winning is nice if you don't lose your integrity in the process.
> &mdash; <cite>Arnold Horshak</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at xxx am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 17
	- Square CEO Jack Dorsey said that the company is looking into building a hardware wallet for bitcoin, which would give users greater control over their crypto investments.
	- Bitcoin miners are bracing for impact after China’s State Council — the central government cabinet — seems to have laid the groundwork for a future crackdown on bitcoin mining and trading. Many are apparently considering options for relocating their machines to other countries.
	- Several crypto market metrics notched record highs in May. 
		- Last month, Ethereum’s total adjusted on-chain volume (\$666 billion), which is a proxy for economic throughput, exceeded Bitcoin’s (\$407.3 billion) for the first time ever. 
		- The stablecoin supply grew from \$80.5 billion to \$101.6 billion. 
		- Bitcoin mining revenue (\$1.447 billion) dropped 15% month over month while Ethereum’s ($2.35 billion) rose 42.8%.
	- Makara is the first SEC-registered crypto robo-advisor. They build crypto portfolios based on investors personal goals and preferences.
	- Total spot trading volume at $1.21 billion, down from the 30-day average of $3.05 billion.
- [ ] Financial News
	- The US added 559,000 new jobs last month, compared to economists’ expectations of 670,000. The unemployment rate dropped to 5.8%, falling more than expected and hitting a new pandemic low. The number of workers who claimed unemployment because their employer lost business or closed due to the pandemic dropped by 1.5 million. The biggest job gains were in the leisure and hospitality sector, which added 292,000 new jobs.
	- Last year Ackman created a SPAC, aka a “blank-check company,” called Pershing Square Tontine Holdings, which raised about $4 billion. Now, Pershing Square Tontine Holdings is in talks to acquire 10% of Universal Music Group (UMG), the label home to artists like Taylor Swift.
	- European regulators opened antitrust probes into Facebook and Google.
	- U.S. crude oil hit its highest level in more than two years after OPEC+ decided to continue the existing pace of gradually easing oil supply curbs while forecasting a tightening global market.
	- The meme picked up pace this week as retail favorite AMC Entertainment (AMC) continued to make headlines. A 95% gain to $62/share on Wednesday - following four trading halts - left the movie theater chain with a market capitalization of $31.3B, making it more valuable than half of the companies in the S&P 500. It also led to a 3,600% return since the beginning of the year, before the stock plunged back to earth.
- [ ] Other News
	- Facebook said yesterday that the former president won’t be allowed back onto its social platforms until at least January 2023 (notably after the 2022 midterm elections), when it will decide whether he still presents “a serious risk to public safety.” 
	- Every single corporate board in the S&P 500 now has at least one woman on it after Monolithic Power Systems added a female director last month, according to Bloomberg. The share of female directors at S&P companies is currently 29.7%.
	- Target and Walmart are closing stores on Thanksgiving Day for the second straight year.
	- n almost every way measurable, millennials in the U.S. are doing worse financially than the generations that came before them. Meanwhile a surge in early retirement has exacerbated inequality among Baby Boomers.
	- Big Tech is flocking to Austin. Big Finance is expanding in Dallas. Houston, ground zero of the U.S. energy industry, is diversifying away from Big Oil. In the post-pandemic economy, Texas is rising, welcoming a rush of talented, wealthy people from California, New York and Illinois with the lure of lower taxes, luxury suburbs and opportunities to invest their cash.
	- The latest cyberattack on an American supply chain was felt this week after JBS - the biggest meat producer in the U.S. (and the world) - reported a ransomware breach that shut down all its beef facilities.
	- The Colonial Pipeline attackers managed to launder a small portion of their bitcoin ransom using a platform called Hydra, which serves Russian-speaking clientele and has grown into the largest darknet market in the world.
- [ ] Local News
	-
- [ ] Readings
	- https://old.reddit.com/r/PersonalFinanceCanada/comments/nrslrc/advice_for_a_22_year_old_what_financial_mistakes/
	- The Millionnaire Teacher
	- https://www.cmhc-schl.gc.ca/en/professionals/industry-innovation-and-leadership/industry-expertise/resources-for-mortgage-professionals/who-notify-when-moving-change-of-address-checklist
	- https://old.reddit.com/r/PersonalFinanceCanada/comments/nsz2vk/buying_a_new_mattress/
- [ ] Videos
	- [Bitcoin White Paper Explained (Simplified and Visualized)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dpqtav3oT4k)
	- [Anonymous Message To Elon Musk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG07x3aN3b0)
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
