| [[2021-04-01]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-03]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## Friday, 02 April 2021

### Daily Quote
> Ignition (n): The motivational process that occurs when your identity becomes linked to a long-term vision of your future. Triggers significant amounts of unconscious energy; usually marked by the realization: That is who I want to be.
> &mdash; <cite> Daniel Coyle</cite>

### Today's Note

- [ ] Woke up at 6:25 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- **Coinbase** to direct list on April 14th, provide financial update on April 6th
	- Billionaire investor Mark Cuban is bullish on the future of cryptocurrency
		- Bitcoin is appealing to Cuban as a store of value rather than a currency.
		- Interest in Ethereum mainly due to the smart contracts that run on it.
- [ ] Financial News
	- **Markets:** S&P 500 closes above 4000 for the first time. It was at 2300 one year ago.
	- **Energy:** OPEC and its allies agreed to bump up oil output over the next three months, which is basically making a bet on a global economic rebound.
	- **Credit:** Last year the 3 largest card companies saw revenue fall, as consumers spending on credit and debit cards dried up. **PayPal** however grew 20%, as the facilitator of choice for millions of online, rather than physical, merchants.
	- **Penny stock** trades have exploded in OTC markets.
	- **US home prices** have risen at the fastest pace for **15 years**.
	- **U.S. manufacturing** sector index races to 37-year high in March: ISM
	- 916,000 new jobs in March
	- Almost one billion doses of covid-19 vaccines have been produced
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Exploring the Potential of Tokenisation in Alternative Investments]]
	- [[Bitcoin - A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System]]
	- [[Satoshi Nakamoto]]
	- [[Ethereum - A Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized Application Platform]]
	- [[Vitalik Buterin]]