| [[2021-06-08]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-06-10]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-06-09 

### Daily Quote
> Vision without action is daydream. Action without vision is nightmare..
> &mdash; <cite>Japanese Proverb</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at xxx am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 13
	- Total spot trading volume at $2.14 billion, the 30-day average is $2.88 billion.
	- El Salvador is officially the first country in the world to recognize Bitcoin as legal tender. The new Bitcoin law, which recognizes Bitcoin as ‘legal tender, unrestricted with liberatory power, unlimited in any transaction and in any title that natural or legal public or private persons want to perform’, places Bitcoin on par with the US Dollar. Also, the law states that financial activities executed in Bitcoin, such as trading, would be exempt from capital gains taxes since Bitcoin is a legal tender.
	- According to insiders, one of the most beloved game franchises, Grand Theft Auto (GTA) 6 will be featuring an in-game cryptocurrency for payments.
	- Coinbase users are filing a class action against the company, claiming that they have been wrongfully locked out of their accounts for months. Many users found themselves frozen out of their accounts, which prevented them from trading or withdrawing their funds; which, in some cases, caused users to lose money when prices tumbled. These users’ claims seem to be only allegations as it is not yet clear if they are all true or if some of the users did something to justify the account freezing – however, this calls attention to Coinbase’s customer service issues.
	- Cryptocurrency exchange Kraken revealed a Parachain Auction Platform where users can stake Kusama’s KSM token directly from the exchange to pledge support for Kusama projects vying for a Parachain slot. Currently, only 100 Parachain slots are available and Polkadot’s (DOT) multi-chain protocol will use sharded side-chains to process these transactions in parallel. 
	- 
- [ ] Financial News
	- Job openings in the US hit their highest level on record in April, while layoffs hit a record low. The accommodation and food services industry is really hurting for workers, adding 349,000 new unfilled jobs.
	- The US Senate passed one of the largest industrial bills in history; its goal is to help the US tech industry compete with China. The bill commits roughly $250 billion in funding for scientific research, subsidies for chipmakers and robot makers, and an overhaul of the National Science Foundation.
	- Bank of Canada will hold current level of policy rate until inflation objective is sustainably achieved, continues quantitative easing
- [ ] Other News
	- A big new genetic study published in the journal JAMA Psychiatry concludes that waking up just one hour earlier could reduce a person’s risk of major depression by nearly a quarter.
	- There's a new meme stock in town. Clover Health, an insurance startup that went public through a SPAC created by Chamath Palihapitiya, shot up 86% after becoming the most talked-about stock on the Wall Street Bets subreddit.
	- In 2018, the FBI recruited a former distributor of a different encrypted network that had just gotten busted. The engineer was working on a new service, Anom, that stripped mobile phones of their normal functions and disguised a secure messaging app to look like a calculator. In exchange for a reduced sentence and $120k, the engineer gave the FBI a master key to access and save Anom messages.
	- ProPublica estimates that America's richest 25 people paid a cumulative $13.6 billion in income taxes between 2014 and 2018, a span during which their collective wealth increased $400+ billion, for a "true tax rate" that was just 3.4%. Paying the lowest rates were Warren Buffett (0.1%), Jeff Bezos (0.98%), Michael Bloomberg (1.3%), and Elon Musk (3.27%). 
	- A massive outage struck large swaths of the Internet on Tuesday, causing the New York Times, Amazon, Hulu and other high-traffic websites to temporarily shut down. The problem appeared related to the San Francisco cloud services provider Fastly, which many companies use to help their websites load faster.
	- More than 25% of shoppers at Levi’s have a different size today than before the pandemic, according to CEO Chip Bergh. He called the number of people with new sizes “pretty staggering.”
	- The Bank of America Merrill Lynch GFSI Market Risk indicator -- a measure of future price swings implied by options trading on equities, interest rates, currencies and commodities -- has fallen to the lowest since before the pandemic first started to roil markets. 
- [ ] Local News
	- Les 25 Américains les plus riches, dont Jeff Bezos, Warren Buffet et Elon Musk, ont payé relativement peu d’impôt fédéral sur le revenu – et parfois aucun – entre 2014 et 2018, selon une analyse de l’agence de presse d’investigation ProPublica. L’analyse démontre que, entre 2014 et 2018, les 25 Américains les plus riches n’ont payé que 13,6 milliards $US en impôt, alors que leur richesse a augmenté de 401 milliards $US.
	- Un sondage réalisé pour le compte d’Axtra – un organisme à but non lucratif qui regroupe 95 centres-conseils en emploi au Québec – montre que 35% des Québécois ont envisagé ou effectué un changement d’emploi ou de carrière en raison de la Covid-19.
	- Selon un rapport de la société d’évaluation de crédit Equifax, la dette globale des ménages canadiens a augmenté de presque 5% entre le premier trimestre de 2020 et le premier trimestre de 2021. Cette augmentation serait surtout attribuable à une hausse de 41% des nouveaux emprunts hypothécaires d’une période à l’autre.
- [ ] Readings
	- https://www.nytimes.com/2021/06/08/technology/farewell-millennial-lifestyle-subsidy.html
- [ ] Videos
	- 
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
