| [[2021-04-21]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-23]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-22 

### Daily Quote
> Feeling grateful to or appreciative of someone or something in your life actually attracts more of the things that you appreciate and value into your life.  
> &mdash; <cite>Christiane Northrup</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 11:15 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Bitcoin alone accounts for 0.5% of global electricity consumption — more than entire countries like Argentina and Holland.
	- The Financial Times reported the news on Thursday, saying that European regulators, including the U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), are examining whether Binance complied with security rules before launching trading in stock tokens.
- [ ] Financial News
	- Policy is powerful... And it's moving the needle for sustainable transportation (and the companies behind it). Major governments — from CA, to Japan, to the UK — have said they'll start to ban the sale of new gas-powered vehicles in the 2030s.
	- Biden calls for employees to have paid time off to get vaccinated
	- The latest US mutual/exchange traded money flow data was out yesterday and confirms continued retail investor interest in equities.
	- The 19 average on the VIX is the mathematical mean of 2 very different market environments. One is calm, orderly, and generally profitable (the bull markets of 1992 – 1996, 2003 – 2007, 2012 – 2019). The other is volatile but can either be profitable (1997 – 2000 dot com era) or very bad indeed (2001 – 2003: recession and Gulf War II, 2008 – 2012: Great Recession, 2020: Pandemic Crisis).
	- US gasoline consumption is back to 9 million barrels/day, or 92 percent of pre-pandemic “peak normal” (those 9.75 mn bbls/day you see for July/August 2019).
	- Biden wants to implement a 39.6% capital gains tax for Americans who earn $1 million or more... The 39.6% tax would be tacked on to the 3.8% Obamacare tax... meaning a 43.4% rate.
	- TikTok is facing a lawsuit over alleged misuse of children's information.
	- A new term is hitting financial markets called "swarm trading."
	- Pre-2018: Apple management pulled users toward personal products (e.g., iPhone, Apple Watch). As a result, the iPad and Mac lines languished. Since 2019: Apple has pursued a “push” strategy in which all product lines are improving simultaneously (i.e., new iPhones, iPads, iMacs, etc.).
- [ ] Other News
	- India accounts for one in three new coronavirus cases globally, tallying nearly 300,000 cases and 2,000 deaths a day. Experts blame relaxed restrictions, mass gatherings, and the spread of variants, including B1617.
	- Biden will commit the U.S. to halving climate-warming emissions by 2030.
	- The global food production system accounts for more than a third of human-made greenhouse gases. ~45% of Earth's ice-free land is covered by crops to feed livestock — that means fewer trees and plants to suck up CO2.
		- 10%: The portion of US greenhouse gas emissions generated by agriculture. Cows used for beef and milk are the largest emitters (they breathe out methane when they digest).
		- 28X: Cows require 28X more land and 11X more water than other farm animals... and emit 5X more greenhouse gas.
	- In March 2020, 9.7M Americans reported following plant-based diets, up from 300K in 2004. Beyond Meat and Impossible Foods say their plant burgers generate ~90% fewer emissions than beef (and require less water and land).
	- Transportation is the largest contributor of GHG emissions in the US (28% of the total)
	- If Americans traded beef for beans, it would free up 42% of US crop land.
	- Up to 20 Percent of Groundwater Wells Are in Danger of Running Dry
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Basic Attention Token (BAT)]]
	- [[Binance Stock Token Offerinr Questioned By European Regulator]]
- [ ] Videos
	- [[Renting vs. Buying a Home - The 5% Rule]]