| [[2021-04-29]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-01]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-30 

### Daily Quote
> Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning.  
> &mdash; <cite>Winston Churchill</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 9:20 am
- [ ] Crypto News
- [ ] Financial News
	- President Biden has announced another spending proposal, this one focusing on spending another $1.8 trillion on education, child care and paid family leave.
	- According to data from the US Federal Reserve, Millennials currently own about 5% of all US household wealth. However, when the youngest member of Gen X turned 25 (in 2005) that cohort already had a 9% share of all US household wealth — almost double what the Millennial generation has accrued. Going even further back, when the youngest Baby Boomer turned 25 (which was in 1989), the Baby Boomer generation had already amassed more than 21% of all US household wealth. In relative terms, Millennials are the poorest generation for quite a while. 
	- Facebook has gotten so good at targeted advertising that in the first 3 months of this year it has raked in more than $48 per user (US & Canada).
	- Q1 GDP was a banger. Economic output grew at a 6.4% annualized rate in the first three months of the year, the Commerce Department said yesterday. Now, the US economy is less than 1% off its pre-Covid peak.
	- Yesterday, the FDA moved forward with a proposal to ban menthol cigarettes and flavored cigars. It also promised to focus efforts on keeping the tobacco products off the market, instead of targeting individuals who use them.
	- Women lost at least $800 billion in income last year, according to a new report from Oxfam International. That’s more than the combined GDP of 98 countries, and reflects the disproportionate harm Covid-19 inflicted on women, who had made significant gains in the workforce leading up to the pandemic. 
	- **$4.7B/year** global anxiety drug sales
	- **$9.5B/year** global ADHD drug sales
	- **$9.6B/year** global depression drug sales
	- **$5.8B/year** global anti-addiction drug sales
	- 
- [ ] Other News
	- Microsoft is changing the default Office font and wants your help to pick a new one
- [ ] Readings
- [ ] Videos
	- Las Vegas isn't Las Vegas