| [[2021-04-07]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-09]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-08 

### Daily Quote
> From now on we live in a world where man has walked on the Moon. It's not a miracle; we just decided to go.  
> &mdash; <cite>Tom Hanks</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 3:45 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Twitter sentiment is that Bitcoin is currently stalling
	- Even though Coinbase is very profitable, it won’t be in the S&P 500 for a year due to seasoning requirements.
	- According to a Bank of America report published in March, 56 central banks are currently developing CBDCs. The Bank for International Settlements conducted a survey in January, finding that one-fifth of the world’s population are likely to issue their own digital currencies in the next three years.
	- Sweden pushes ahead with a digital currency rollout (e-krona) — just don’t call it a ‘crypto asset’
		- “has a state, a trusted actor, as issuer and that the state guarantees the value of the means of payment.”
	- Bitcoin's 'Kimchi premium' slips as South Korean officials pledge action on illegal crypto market activities
		- When the Kimchi premium fell substantially in 2017, the price of Bitcoin plummeted by more than 50% within several days. Cause or effect?
	- In its Q1 report, Coinbase said it had an estimated 56 million verified customers and 6.1 million monthly transacting customers.
	- Grayscale is '100% committed' to converting GBTC to an ETF
	- Blockchain startups raised more money last quarter than in all of 2020, per CB Insights. Some notable fundraisers in the space include crypto lending service BlockFi, digital wallet provider Blockchain.com, and Dapper Labs, which runs the NFT platforms NBA Top Shot and CryptoKitties.
	- A new class action takes aim at crypto wallet operator Ledger and e-commerce giant Shopify over a customer data breach.
		- Ledger produces some of the most popular cold wallets on the market.
	- Russian central bank officials indicate that a digital ruble will launch in 2023
	- State Street is helping build a crypto trading platform for institutions
	- NYDIG, the New York-based crypto investment firm, has secured another $100 million just one month after announcing a $200 million fundraise.
- [ ] Financial News
	- What could go wrong in US/global equity markets over the next 12-24 months?
		1) markedly higher interest rates. higher rates will come because of higher inflation
		2) below-expectation US consumer spending. The weight of the global post-pandemic recovery rests entirely on the US consumer. What did the pandemic do to consumer psychology?
		3) heightened geopolitical risks once militaries/non-state actors are vaccinated.
		4) US Big Tech regulation. Large Cap Tech + AMZN, FB, GOOG and TSLA is 38 percent of the S&P 500 and 35 percent of total US equity market cap. China presents a cautionary tale.
		5) a raft of better investment opportunities that take capital away from global equities.
		6) However, fiscal and monetary policy plus corporate earnings leverage offsets these potential outcomes sufficiently to make the risk-reward calculus favorable.
	- A fresh NY Fed analysis shows Americans only spent 25 – 29 percent of their 3 stimulus checks. The rest went to savings/debt paydown.
	- The bulk of the hardware upgrade cycle is over for electronics, such as laptops and tablets.
	- Uber and Lyft have a driver shortage problem. US-based drivers for both apps down around 40%.
	-  Summary of Biden's corporation tax hike:
		1) The corporate tax rate would increase to 28% from its current 21%.
		2) Profitable companies earning $2 billion or more would face a 15% minimum tax on the income they report to investors, a rule targeting serial tax avoiders.
		3) The tax rate on companies’ foreign earnings would double, from 10.5% to 21%.
	- JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon, in his annual shareholder letter, predicted economic boom times for America extending into 2023.
		- strong consumer savings, huge deficit spending, more QE, expanded vaccine distribution and a $2.3T infrastructure plan could lead to fast, sustained growth
	- Minutes from the last Fed meeting saw FOMC members point to a brighter outlook for the economy, while agreeing to provide continued support via near-zero interest rates and large monthly bond purchases.
- [ ] Readings
	- [ ] [[Coinbase Digital Public Offering]]
	- [ ] [[Are you living in a Computer Simulation]]