| [[2021-04-25]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-27]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-26 

### Daily Quote
> The best way to predict the future is to create it.  
> &mdash; <cite>Abraham Lincoln</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 9:05 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- About 60% of crypto investors say their belief or investments in the space have had a negative impact on their personal relationships according to a SurveyMonkey survey.
	- Turkey’s Vebitcoin is the second exchange to collapse after central bank's crypto payments ban
	- South Korea's 'kimchi premium' rises again as officials weigh crypto tax delay
	- Crypto firm Gemini has partnered with Mastercard for its crypto rewards credit card that was first unveiled in January of this year. Mastercard will serve as the exclusive network for the Gemini card.
- [ ] Financial News
	- A SPAC sponsor is in the business of bringing together investors who want a new company and a company that wants new investors, setting up a deal between them, and collecting a cut. That’s basically the same business that IPO banks are in, except that the SPAC sponsor takes a much bigger cut.
		- SPAC's 20% (or 25.5%) really is more than 7%, never mind the 1% to 3% fees that are more common in larger IPOs that banks charge.
	- “The price of lumber has shot up to all-time highs. Residential home sales in the US are at levels last seen in 2006, before the housing bubble collapsed. And stocks are on a tear,” writes the WSJ.
	- Apple began rolling out its new pop-up privacy notification that -- if selected by 80% of Facebook users -- could deliver a 7% hit ($2B) to Facebook's Q2 revenue.
	- Biden Tax Hike Would Hit Half a Million Highest Earners
	- The S&P and Nasdaq hit record highs, but the real drama can be found in crop prices. Wheat, corn, and soybeans have been surging to eight-year highs due in part to bad weather in producer nations.
	- Tesla's market share for all-electric vehicles decreased from 82% to 70% over the last year, per Cox Automotive. 
	- Biden is proposing an extra $80 billion for the I.R.S. to catch tax evasion by high earners.
	- China plans to delay retirement — now at 50 or 55 for women, and 60 for men — as its population ages and pension funds run low.
	- In 1990, Europe accounted for about 44% of global semiconductor manufacturing. Now, it’s closer to 10% and Taiwan, South Korea and Japan account for about 60% of production, according to a joint report by the Boston Consulting Group and the Semiconductor Industry Association.
	- Lyft, like Uber, is getting its self-driving car unit off its balance sheet. The company off-loaded the division to a subsidiary of Toyota called Woven Planet in a deal worth $550 million.
- [ ] Other News
	- If you use a U.S. credit card to buy a plane ticket to a foreign country, and then you do a crime in that country, that’s also a crime in the U.S. (It violates the Travel Act.) And if you rob a bank abroad, deposit the proceeds of the heist into a U.S. checking account, and use the money to pay your rent or whatever, that’s a big U.S. crime; that’s (allegedly) “money laundering.”
	- When founders have greater bargaining power due to greater availability of investment capital, they are more likely to be able to negotiate for greater control rights at the time of IPO, and thus the firm is more likely to adopt a dual-class structure.
	- The initial results from the 2020 Census are in, and the US population grew 7.4% in the 2010s to 331,449,281 people—the second-slowest growth rate in history.
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Financial Toolkit]]
	- [[Tax Comparison for Canada]]
	- [[Budgeting Tool]]
	- [[Networth Scenario Tool]]
	-[](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2021/04/24/technology/online-slander-websites.html) + [](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/30/technology/change-my-google-results.html)
- [ ] Videos
	- Copyright: Forever Less One Day
	- A New History for Humanity – The Human Era
	- [[The Endowment Model]]
	-[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUNGFZDO8mM)