| [[2021-05-05]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-07]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-06 

### Daily Quote
> We don't have to do all of it alone. We were never meant to.
> &mdash; <cite>Brene Brown</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 6:45 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Crypto.com will be sponsoring the final of Italy’s football cup, Lega Serie A, which marks the first partnership between a professional football league and a crypto platform.
	- Open DeFi will be governed under a DAO through the issuance of a new governance token. Launched in 2020, Open DeFi is an organisation that aims to facilitate collaboration between Western and DeFi projects.
- [ ] Financial News
	- Federal Reserve members Charles Evans, Eric Rosengren, Loretta Mester and Richard Clarida all spoke publicly yesterday against the outlook for rising inflation that could get out of control despite unprecedented stimulus measures. For them, the inflation seen is only transitory and will return to normal in 2022.
	- Yesterday, Peloton recalled its treadmills due to safety concerns and apologized for not doing so sooner. In April, regulators told consumers to avoid using the Tread+ around fur and human children following several dozen incidents, including the death of a child.
	- Yesterday, shares in Jessica Alba's consumer goods brand popped 44% in its IPO, lofting the company to a $2.7 billion valuation.
	- Shares of vaccine makers across the world are tumbling as momentum gathers to waive patent protection for Covid-19 shots.
	- Turkey’s central bank is expected to leave its benchmark interest rate unchanged at 19%. Norway stuck with its view that it will hike rates this year, and yesterday Brazil's central bank raised its benchmark rate by 75 basis points and promised a similar move next month.
	- Uber's shares took a hit in after-hours trading Wednesday, after the company reported earnings and said that incentives to get drivers to return will weigh on results.
	- Twitter acquired Scroll, the app that lets users pay a monthly fee to read articles ad-free (a % of it goes to publishers). The social app is rolling out other products to move away from its core ad business, including newsletters and a subscription tool for creators.
	- Risks of rising prices are intensifying across the economy as a growing number of companies warn that supply shortages and logjams will compel them to raise prices.
	- WhatsApp launches peer-to-peer payments in Brazil.
- [ ] Other News
	- 44% of the New York Times's new digital subscribers last quarter came from its cooking, games, and audio products.
	- Last week, the British navy went full-on James Bond mode and tested a jetpack in the field from Gravity. Competitors like JetPack Aviation and Zapata Racing are building the Speeder -- a 150mph Star Wars-like airborne motorcycle -- and the Ez-Fly flying segway.
	- Google anticipates that 20% of its workforce will work remotely full time when physical offices are open again later in 2021.
	- Blogging can generate 67% more leads per month… and up to 55% more web traffic than businesses who don’t blog, per HubSpot. The secret’s in the SEO (Search Engine Optimization). The better your blog ranks, the more eyeballs you’ll have on your website.
	- States and cities are now targeting Americans who might be reluctant to get a coronavirus vaccine with incentives as demand for the jabs slows across the nation.
- [ ] Readings
	- 
- [ ] Videos
	- 