| [[2021-06-03]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-06-05]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-06-04 

### Daily Quote
> Named must your fear be before banish it you can.
> &mdash; <cite>Yoda</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at xxx am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 24
	- Bitcoin miners in China are bracing for impact after China’s State Council — the central government cabinet — published notes from a May 21 meeting in which it was mentioned that cracking down on bitcoin trading and mining activities will be one of the priorities in maintaining the country’s financial stability. 
	- Square is considering the development of a bitcoin hardware wallet, according to Jack Dorsey, CEO of the payments firm.
	- Crypto exchange FTX is spending $210 million to rename a professional e-sports team from TSM to TSM FTX, according to the New York Times. The ten-year deal will set the exchange back $21 million each year, representing one of the biggest naming rights deals in the e-sports industry.
	- Anchorage Digital rolls out ETH-backed loans with America's 10th oldest bank
	- In May, the stablecoin supply grew from $80.5 billion to $101.6 billion, representing a growth rate of 26.2% and surpassing the $100 billion mark for the first time
	- The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) continues to have "major concerns" around crypto, Governor Shaktikanta Das has said.
	- Members of the US Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs are set to hold a hearing on central bank digital currencies later this month.
- [ ] Financial News
	- Bank of Canada economists released their latest forecast report yesterday and they expect the USDCAD to hit 1.1700 in the coming quarter.
	- Target and Walmart launch rival sales events to steal Amazon Prime's thunder. Shortly after Amazon confirmed Prime Day for June 21 and 22, both retailers announced their own coinciding sales events.
	- Group of Seven governments are nearing a deal to pursue a minimum corporate tax rate of at least 15% in international negotiations, but remain at odds over how to treat global technology companies.
	- In a filing, AMC acknowledged that the 2,900% jump in its share price this year was not actually related to a miraculous turnaround for the movie theater industry.
	- Global housing prices increased 7.3% on average in the 12 months to March—the fastest pace since 2006, according to Knight Frank's Global House Price Index. The top five countries for price growth are 1) Turkey 2) New Zealand 3) Luxembourg 4) Slovakia and 5) the US.
	- A UN food price index soared 40% in May, the largest jump in a decade. Low-income countries will suffer the worst effects of this food inflation. 
- [ ] Other News
	- The US will elevate ransomware investigations to a similar priority level as terrorism investigation.
	- Though they have less in the bank than older Americans, millennials and Generation Z are the ones opening their wallets as the U.S. economy recovers. They may be spending even more than they did before the pandemic.
	- Novo Nordisk A/S gained U.S. approval for its therapy that helped patients lose about 15% of their body weight on average in trials.
	- In 2020, CoinDesk, a cryptocurrency news site, ranked MIT as the top university for blockchain.
	- California Gov. Gavin Newsom has put 41 counties under a state of emergency in an attempt to drastically limit water use. Some scientists say the region is facing the worst drought in centuries. 
		- The water levels of 1,500+ reservoirs in California are 50% lower than normal at this time of year, per Jay Lund, co-director of the Center for Watershed Sciences at UC-Davis. This means huge cuts to the water that farmers in the state use to produce over 25% of the country's food supply. 
		- California accounts for 80% of the US' almond supply, but because of shrinking water allocations, some farmers are simply bulldozing those notoriously thirsty almond trees.
		- There is a possiblity that they would need to shut down a major hydroelectric power plant, putting extra strain on the electrical grid during the hottest part of the summer.
		- Five of the six largest wildfires in modern California history happened during the 2020 wildfire season, killing 30+ people. Experts say the current conditions are much worse.
	- Twitter has released its first subscription product, Twitter Blue. For now, only Australian and Canadian users can pay around $3/month to access Blue features like a 30-second grace period to undo or edit a tweet before it's posted, prioritized customer support, Reader Mode for easier viewing of threads, and color scheme customization for the app.
	- The cost of moving a container from China to Dubai has ballooned to $5,000 from $1,000 last year, according to SCMP. 
	- 
- [ ] Local News
	- Le gouvernement Trudeau présentera aujourd’hui à la Chambre des communes une motion d’attribution de temps pour accélérer l’étude du projet de loi C-10, qui vise à soumettre les géants du web à la Loi sur la radiodiffusion.
	- L’emploi demeure stable au Québec: le taux de chômage s’est maintenu à 6,6 % en mai; il est de 8,2% dans l’ensemble Canada.
	- Les voyageurs qui refusent la quarantaine supervisée à leur retour au Canada risquent désormais une amende de 5000 $.
	- Le 30 septembre devient la journée nationale pour la vérité et la réconciliation.
	- L’Assemblée nationale a adopté hier le projet de loi 78, qui vise à améliorer la transparence des entreprises. La nouvelle loi comprend des mesures pour lutter contre les paradis fiscaux, l’évasion fiscale, le blanchiment d’argent et la corruption.
	- Le ministre de la Famille Mathieu Lacombe a annoncé 200 millions $ sur 5 ans, et une série de mesures qui devraient créer de nouvelles places dans les services de garde en milieu familial.
	- La facture du REM s’élève maintenant à près de 7 milliards $.
	- Bell s’associe à Amazon pour augmenter les capacités de son réseau 5G. L’entente annoncée hier lui permettrait de réduire le temps de latence et ultimement, d’offrir une meilleure expérience, notamment dans les domaines des jeux vidéo immersifs et de la diffusion de vidéo en continu en ultra-haute définition.
- [ ] Readings
	- 
- [ ] Videos
	- 
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
