| [[2021-04-12]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-14]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-13 

### Daily Quote
> It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about.  
> &mdash; <cite>Dale Carnegie</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 5:45 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Bitcoin jumped to an all-time high above $63,000 this morning as cryptocurrency bulls are out in force
- [ ] Financial News
	- In the US, over half of physicians and three-quarters of hospitals use Nuance software.
	- With Nuance, Microsoft scores a big list of healthcare clients + lots of speech data, which is important for building and fine-tuning those AI systems.
	- China's trade jumped in March, with exports climbing more than 30% from a year earlier in dollar terms, adding to signs that the global economic recovery is progressing well.
	- Ant, the biggest financial app in the world, gets "squashed" again
		- In November, Ant was on track to raise $34B+ in its Shanghai and Hong Kong IPOs (at a huge $300B valuation). Ant's Alipay app offers every money service imaginable (think: payments, loans, insurance, and investing... _all in one_). It's massive, with _1B+ users_.
		- China may have felt threatened by Ant's financial dominance ($17T in digital payment transactions per year).
	- Uber says its March bookings were the highest in company history as ride-hailing rebounded ("revenge riders" have arrived). 
	- Companies using artificial intelligence in the EU could soon be required to get audited first, under new rules set to be proposed by the European Union as soon as next week.
- [ ] Other News
	- **Covid:** With case numbers rising for seven straight weeks, the WHO said Covid-19 is still spreading "exponentially" around the world.
- [ ] Readings
- [ ] Videos
	- 