| [[2021-09-27]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-09-29]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-09-28 

### Daily Quote
> Don't be tempted to break momentum-work through it.
> &mdash; <cite>Lorii Myers</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at xxx am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Several large crypto exchanges, including Binance and Huobi, began blocking new users in China to comply with the Chinese government's ban on crypto trading.
	- Revolut is looking to launch its own token. 
	- Nearly 1/3rd of Salvadorans are using the Bitcoin wallet Chivo, according to President Nayib Bukele. 
	- Robinhood’s COO and CTO hinted that DeFi features could soon be available on the trading app. 
	- Alibaba, a Chinese e-commerce company, will block sales of cryptocurrency mining equipment starting on October 8th. 
	- Coinbase is rolling out a product that will allow customers to directly deposit their paycheck into a Coinbase account. 
	- Ethereum researcher Vigil Griffith pleaded guilty at his trial for violating existing US sanctions by giving a talk in North Korea about crypto in 2019.  
	- Immutable X, an NFT focused L2, raised $12.5 million in a token sale yesterday. 
	- Bitfinex paid $22.875 million in gas fees during a single Ethereum transaction.  
	- Facebook (disclosure: I have a Facebook newsletter) is investing $50 million to build the metaverse responsibly. 
	- Nolan Bushnell, the founder of Atari, is launching an augmented reality NFT collection on Ethereum. 
	- Binance customers in Singapore will no longer be able to deposit fiat, spot trade crypto, or purchase crypto. 
	- Cardano’s commercial arm is investing $100 million into DeFi, NFT, blockchain education efforts on Cardano
- [ ] Financial News
	- Senate Republicans plan to block a Democrat-led bill to raise the debt ceiling, which could cause a costly government shutdown in the next few week.
	- Google is appealing the record-breaking $5B App Store antitrust fine it received from the EU, arguing that it competes with Apple.
	- Udemy, an online course platform, announced plans to IPO in October at a valuation between $6B and $8B.
	- The presidents of Federal Reserve branches in Boston and Dallas announced plans to retire after reports that they had made ethically questionable stock trades.
	- The pressure on energy supplies is showing little signs of easing, as the energy crisis in Europe looks increasingly likely to be a global problem soon enough.
	- Yesterday’s drop in Treasuries is continuing, with the yield on the 10-year instrument trading firmly above 1.5% this morning.
- [ ] Interesting Facts
	- TikTok joined an exclusive club of apps with 1B+ monthly active users. US users now spend 24.5 hours on the app each month
	- 
- [ ] Local News
	- Ottawa veut réduire de 30% les émissions de GES attribuables à l’usage de fertilisants sur les fermes d’ici l’an 2030, mais ce serait un «désastre», dit Fertilisants Canada, une association qui représente fabricants et vendeurs de fertilisants: selon un rapport qu’elle a commandé à la firme comptable MNP, une telle réduction pourrait coûter aux agriculteurs 48 milliards $ sur 8 ans.
- [ ] Readings
	- 
- [ ] Videos
	- 
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
