| [[2021-04-10]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-12]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-11 

### Daily Quote
> Stress is like a pulse, if you have it you are alive.  
> &mdash; <cite>Steve Maraboli</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 10:40 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Some of the Stellar blockchain network's nodes went offline this week, resulting in transaction disruptions. Bitstamp said Tuesday that it temporarily stopped deposits and withdrawals of XLM, Stellar's native token, in light of the issues. Other exchanges, including Bitfinex, also moved to pause related services until the issue was resolved.
	- Bridgewater, the world's largest hedge fund, isn't convinced by the bitcoin narrative yet, but it's listening.
	- Bitcoin mining firm Riot Blockchain to acquire rival Whinstone for $651 million. Riot aims to be a leader in the bitcoin mining and hosting business. Indeed, just yesterday, the firm announced it has ordered 42,000 bitcoin miners worth $138.5 million that will ship through October 2022
- [ ] Tech News
	- Augmented Reality has been Almost Here for a long time now, but people keep working at it. Microsoft just signed a $22bn, 10 year deal with the US military for Hololens-based headsets, Snapchat is apparently working on a new version of its Spectacles that includes some kind of display, and of course Apple's device is still in the lab but getting a lot of investment.
- [ ] Financial News
	- ~1.5m businesses from all over the world are incorporated in Delaware, including 68% of all Fortune 500 firms
		- **1209 North Orange Street** is the official incorporation address of 285k+ companies from all over the world. [[Why Delaware is the most attractive place to incorporate a company]]
		- Spreads for BBB and CCC credits are tightening quickly and are nearing multi-year lows.
		- The odds of a Fed rate hike this year remain low (but not zero) according to futures markets. 5-Year Treasuries are pricing only modest Fed Funds hikes in 2022 – 2025.
		- US equities rallied on Friday as the S&P 500 and Dow closed at record highs of 4,128.80 and 33,800.60 respectively.
		- The VIX edged down 1.53% to 16.69. The 30-year and 10-year Treasury yields increased to 2.336% and 1.662% respectively, while the 2-year yield rose to 0.159%.
		- By hitting the e-commerce titan Alibaba with a record $2.8 billion antitrust fine on Saturday, Chinese officials sent a message to the country’s high-flying internet industry: We’ve got our eyes on you.
		- Neuralink, the implant company owned by SpaceX and Tesla (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk, has released a video in which a monkey appears to play the computer game Pong using only its mind.
		- The financial sector will lead out the start of the Q2 earnings season kicked off next week.
		- 84% of ultra-high-net-worth individuals collect art according to Deloitte. And It makes sense—contemporary art prices outperformed the S&P 500 by 172% over the last 25 years.
		- China admits its COVID-19 vaccines aren't very effective
		- Google used a secret program called "Bernanke" that used historical bidding data to give its ad-buying system a major advantage over its rivals, an antitrust lawsuit filing claims, a program that earned the company hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue.
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Greenland]]
	- [[Writing Tips]]
- [ ] Podcast
	- [[Balaji Srinivasan on The Future of Bitcoin and Ethereum, How to Become Noncancelable, the Path to Personal Freedom and Wealth in a New World, the Changing Landscape of Warfare, and More]]