| [[2021-05-09]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-11]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-10 

### Daily Quote
> If you don't give up, you still have a chance. And when you are small, you have to be very focused and rely on your brain, not your strength.
> &mdash; <cite>Jack Ma</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 7:30 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Mobile payments platform Alipay has announced it will allow some users to participate in digital yuan trials. Customers who are involved will be able to link their Alipay accounts with an app that’s been designed for the central bank digital currency. 
	- Live Nation, one of the world’s biggest concert organizers, has revealed it is exploring how NFTs could boost user engagement.
	- Crypto "mainstreamification" has reached a level that goes far beyond just Bitcoin. 14% of the US population now invests in cryptocurrency, and American crypto owners could double in 2021. According to a Gemini survey: two-thirds of US adults who don't own crypto are "crypto curious.” ~60% of people who do own crypto rate their knowledge level as low.
- [ ] Financial News
	- The country’s largest gasoline pipeline is mostly out of commission after the system’s operator, Colonial Pipeline, got hit with a ransomware attack. The 5,500-mile conduit, whose owners include Shell Midstream Partners and others, carries 2.5M barrels a day to the East Coast, or 45% of its supply of diesel, gasoline and jet fuel.
	- Last year, average cyberattack ransoms paid in the US increased more than 3x to $310,000+, according to the firm Coveware.
	- Just 4% of iPhone users have opted in to app tracking after updating their phones to Apple’s new iOS 14.5, which introduced new privacy features. That is exactly what companies like Facebook were worried about.
	- Data on Friday showed that U.S. jobs rose by 266,000 in April, trailing estimates for a one million jump, marking a huge miss by economists and raising questions over what data they're using. Despite the blunder, the news could be good for equities, as it may suggest the Fed may hold its accommodative stance for longer.
	- The flagship ARK Innovation ETF, which focuses on high-flying growth stocks, is off 12% so far this year and has retreated more than 31% from its mid-February high, as a rise in U.S. Treasury yields and economic reopening plays led investors away from the sector
- [ ] Other News
	- Melinda Gates had been working with lawyers on a split from Bill since 2019, according to the WSJ.
- [ ] Readings
	- https://thedefiant.io/risks-of-defi/
	- https://thedefiant.io/red-flag-alert-a-framework-for-vetting-crypto-projects/
	- https://cointelegraph.com/news/rari-capital-falls-victim-to-11-million-exploit
- [ ] Videos
	- [Who Invented the Internet? And Why?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21eFwbb48sE)