| [[2021-05-26]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-28]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-27 

### Daily Quote
> Your fears, your critics, your heroes, your villains: They are fictions you perceive as reality. Choose to see through them. Choose to let them go.
> &mdash; <cite>Isaac Lidsky</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 6:40 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday Fear and Greed Index: 22
	- The Crypto Fear and Greed Index is back to Fear (27) territory today after hitting Extreme Fear (11) last week - a level last visited in March 2020. 
	- The team behind the decentralized exchange (DEX) Uniswap is preparing to deploy the exchange on the upcoming Ethereum scaling solution Arbitrum. Arbitrum is a second layer scaling solution built on top of Ethereum that works by processing transactions on a sidechain and then regularly settling them in batches to the main Ethereum blockchain to handle more transctions with much cheaper fees.
	- Leveraged crypto trading threatens banking system, says Korea central bank governor. Lee pledged to monitor the monetary transactions of Korea's financial institutions associated with leveraged crypto trading, suggesting new loans may be curtailed to prevent defaults that could have a spillover effect on the country's banking system.
	- Sichuan hosts seminar to gauge potential bitcoin mining ban's impact on hydropower economy. Citing unidentified industry insiders, some mines in Sichuan are operating as usual despite the national crackdown on mining. Sichuan has been a popular region for crypto mining due to its cheap electricity from hydropower during the rainy season.
	- Ethereum's next-generation iteration, known as Ethereum 2.0 or Eth2, has been cited as a potential threat to demand by Nvidia for its graphics card (GPU) products.
	- Chainalysis' latest market intel report states that “investor whales” bought ₿77,000 (~$3B) last week as hedge funds and asset managers were buying the dip in bitcoin’s $30,000 - $35,000 range.
	- The taproot softfork for bitcoin currently had about 80% signaling support. It needs to be over 90% to pass.
	- Though market-wide volatility has calmed over the past week and we're seeing BTC's volatility trend slowly lower after hitting a 1-year high of 117% on May 23rd (vs. today's reading of 111%), market participants still have mixed feelings about the near-term trend. For that reason, +/- 10% intraday moves remain status quo.
	- Be that as it may, with market-wide trading volumes plunging to ~$300B today, the lowest level since May 2nd, and nearly everyone having finally caught their breath, we could expect to see the volatility ease up in the near-term as we await for either the bulls to resume control of the market or the bears to wreak havoc further.
	- Until we see BTC climb back above the 200D SMA, suffice to say that BTC is likely to remain range-bound between $30,000 and $42,000.
	- According to a job posting, Cupertino-based tech giant Apple is hiring a business development manager with crypto experience to lead its “alternative payments” partnership program.
	- US billionaire Carl Icahn, who once likened crypto to the 18th century Mississippi land bubble that led to the collapse of stock markets in Europe, reversed his negative stance on the industry with an announcement that he's looking to invest in crypto in “a relatively big way”. Icahn said the investment would be in the ballpark of $1B to $1.5B.
	- In a testimony before the House Appropriations Committee, SEC Chair Gary Gensler said DeFi could pose fresh challenges for U.S. investors, “Crypto lending platforms and so-called decentralized finance (‘DeFi’) platforms raise a number of challenges for investors and the SEC staff trying to protect them." Gensler also repeated concerns that stronger regulation around crypto exchanges is needed to help protect investors, namely a dedicated crypto market regulator to provide some protection around fraud and manipulation.
	- Since the Fidelity-backed Wise Origin Bitcoin Index Fund I went public in Aug. 2020, the passively-managed fund raised ~$102M from 83 accredited investors; Fidelity's bitcoin fund is now one of the largest of its kind as only Pantera, Galaxy and NYDIG have previously reported more than $100M in sales for a bitcoin-only fund.
	- The SEC has officially begun reviewing bitcoin ETF applications from Anthony Scaramucci’s SkyBridge Capital and Fidelity Investments.
	- Larry Fink, CEO of $9T asset management firm BlackRock, said he's studying crypto such as bitcoin, but warned investors that it was too early to know whether crypto is “just a speculative trading tool”.
	- Recently launched Meme.com, which aims to bridge the memecoin and NFT markets, raised $5M from blockchain-focused VC funds including Outlier Ventures, Digital Finance Group, Morningstar, Blockhype, Spark Digital Capital and others.
	- After protocols built atop Binance Smart Chain have been suffering an increasing number of hacks or exploits, a Binance representative suggested rollbacks are not an option.
	- In the Nvidia's latest earnings update, the company revealed that it brought in $155M in revenue from its Crypto Mining Processor (CMP) cards in the last quarter and expects sales of CMPs to reach as high as $400M in the current quarter.
	- Miami-based blockchain development platform QuickNode raised $5.3M in a seed funding round led by Seven Seven Six, a VC firm created by Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian.
	- Reach, a development platform enabling any developer to build DApps, raised $12M in funding at a $48M valuation.
	- Polygon (MATIC) has unveiled the release of the Polygon x RenVM Bridge, which allows Bitcoin (BTC) and other assets to be transferred to the Layer-2 scaling solution. Currently, 7 of Ren’s (REN) wrapped ERC-20 assets, which include Dogecoin (DOGE), Filecoin (FIL), and Terra (LUNA), can now be accessed on Polygon.
- [ ] Financial News
	- Stocks move on two things, and two things only: earnings expectations and interest rates. The current US economic recovery is slower than many expected, but that also means it should last well into 2022. Earnings estimates have room to rise, both because recovery is underway and because many companies should see strong operating leverage as demand rebounds.
	- The VIX is now 16.74.
	- The Biden administration’s first budget, for the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1, would put the nation on a path to spend $8.2 trillion annually by the end of 2031.
	- China’s largest internet corporations are digging deep into their pockets to open up new avenues of growth as Beijing curtails their most lucrative businesses from fintech to e-commerce. Tencent Holdings Ltd., Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and Meituan have all warned investors in recent weeks they’re prepared to open their coffers to expand in areas such as cloud computing, autonomous driving and artificial intelligence.
	- BlackRock’s $16B iShares MSCI USA Momentum Factor ETF (ticker MTUM) will see “an astounding” 68% of its portfolio holdings change in order to hold the market’s top performers over the past year, according to Wells Fargo estimates. The rebalancing of the quant strategy, due on or around Thursday, will push the weighting of financial stocks to a third from less than 2% currently, the strategists reckon. The technology sector will slide to 17% from 40%.
	- Washington’s attorney general filed a complaint alleging Amazon uses anticompetitive practices to control third-party sellers' pricing on and off its marketplace.
	- AMC Entertainment Holdings capped its best trading session in four months, pushed higher by eager retail investors who celebrated vaulting the company’s market value to a record $13 billion on social media. 
	- 
- [ ] Other News
	- This week, Shell was ordered by a Dutch court to slash emissions by 45% by 2030, while Chevron shareholders voted to compel the company to cut pollution by its customers. Exxon shareholders also dealt a blow to the company's management by electing at least two board members from a tiny hedge fund who vowed to steer the company away from oil and gas.
	- Money is sloshing around Singapore like never before. As the pandemic hammers Southeast Asia and political turmoil threatens Hong Kong, the city has become a safe harbor for the super-rich.
	- Congo’s Mount Nyiragongo volcano erupted for the first time in nearly two decades this week to disastrous effects. Authorities warned it could happen again. Thousands of villagers are now fleeing to Rwanda, setting up a humanitarian crisis.
	- Organizers for the Summer Olympics still aren’t considering canceling, despite a U.S. travel advisory over Japan’s Covid crisis and intense heat warnings that could harm athletes. In the country, most residents are wary of the July 23 games, and a top physician says the event may risk the spread of variants and trigger a “new disaster.”
	- U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said that President Joe Biden’s fiscal 2022 budget request will send the U.S. federal debt-to-GDP ratio beyond its current reading of 100% over the next decade. However, Yellen stated that Biden’s budget plans were fiscally responsible in part because the real interest burden to finance the federal debt is currently negative (long-term Treasury yields of 1.6% are below the 2% inflation rate).
	- The amount of money flowing into the U.S. Federal Reserve’s reverse repurchase facility jumped to a historic $485B, thus further pressuring key short-term interest rates.
	- In 2 decades, nearly 146 million acres of forest have regrown naturally across the world.
	- RepurposedMaterials gives new life to commercial waste that is otherwise bound for the landfill. The Denver company estimates that every year, it keeps 3 million pounds of refuse out of dumps across the United States. Recycling takes energy, while repurposing does not.
- [ ] Local News
	- Construction: une entente de principe a été conclue entre l’Alliance syndicale et les associations patronales. Un comité sera formé pour régler le principal litige: l’utilisation d’applications mobiles avec géolocalisation pour enregistrer les heures de travail des employés sur leur téléphone personnel. Les conclusions du comité seront intégrées aux conventions collectives.
	- Comport Communications, qui fournit à Postes Canada un service de gestion des données, a été victime d’une attaque informatique. Cette attaque aurait compromis les données de 44 clients commerciaux de Postes Canada. Entre juillet 2016 et mars 2019, une brèche aurait laissé fuir les coordonnées de plus de 950,000 personnes – principalement des individus clients des 44 clients commerciaux.
	- Les Canadiens voudraient travailler de la maison 1 jour sur 4 après la pandémie selon un rapport de Statistique Canada.
	- Le ministre de l’Innovation, des Sciences et de l’Industrie, François-Philippe Champagne, a annoncé que le Canada comptait faire atterrir sur la Lune un rover canadien dans les cinq prochaines années. Cette mission serait réalisée en partenariat avec la NASA. Elle aurait pour objectif de prendre des images et des mesures, puis de collecter des données sur la surface lunaire.
	- Le Conseil de la radiodiffusion et des télécommunications canadiennes annule sa décision de 2019 sur les tarifs d'accès aux réseaux à large bande à haute vitesse, ce qui représente une victoire pour les grands fournisseurs du pays.
	- Le gouvernement fédéral offrira jusqu’à 5000 $ à 700 000 propriétaires canadiens pour qu’ils puissent améliorer l’efficacité énergétique de leur résidence principale.
	- Québec présentera la semaine prochaine un nouveau calendrier pour les deuxièmes doses de vaccin: à partir du 7 juin, il sera normalement possible de prendre un deuxième rendez-vous plus tôt que la date fixée lors de la première injection.
- [ ] Readings
	- 
- [ ] Videos
	- 
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
