| [[2021-04-22]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-24]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-23 

### Daily Quote
> If you're not making mistakes, you're not taking risks, and that means you're not going anywhere. The key is to make mistakes faster than the competition, so you have more changes to learn and win.  
> &mdash; <cite>John W. Holt, Jr.</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 9:25 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Coinbase Pro announces support for Tether's Ethereum-based USDT stablecoin
	- The Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (GBTC) product, which is consecutively trading at a discount for two months, hit a record low on Thursday. GBTC's premium fell to -18.92% — its lowest point in history, according to tracker YCharts. That means the market price of GBTC shares is about 19% lower than its net asset value or NAV.
	-   A new draft guidance on cryptocurrency from the Financial Action Task Force raises the bar for cryptocurrency regulation. The document appears to expand the definition of a key term: virtual asset service provider, or VASP.
	-   One of Morgan Stanley's newly-offered Bitcoin funds has raised $29.4M from 322 investors just 14 days after opening. That already makes the fund among the most popular private investment vehicles for Bitcoin, but only clients with at least $2M in net worth may invest, and bet sizes are limited to 2.5% of net worth. The average investment in the fund was about $91K.
	-   In echoes of the Quadriga CX fiasco, the Turkish crypto exchange Thodex said it does not have the strength to continue financially, according to Bloomberg. Losses at the exchange could be as high as $2 billion, and the 27-year-old CEO has fled the country. 
- [ ] Financial News
	- In a unanimous ruling yesterday, the Supreme Court said the Federal Trade Commission does not have the authority to make companies give back profits made through deceptive or unfair practices, aka "ill-gotten gains." 
		- Justices said the FTC needs to ask Congress to grant those powers back, which acting FTC Chair Rebecca Slaughter did earlier this week.
	- China accounts for 30% of Tesla's sales, so CEO Elon Musk is motivated to make sure their gift basket has the good fruit in it (no honeydew). But the company's cavalier attitude and inability to keep up with auto repairs as sales grow rapidly have rubbed some Chinese regulators the wrong way.
		-   In March, Tesla cars were banned from military complexes in China over fears their cameras would be used to spy on the government. Musk insisted that would never happen.
	- UiPath, an automation company, made its market debut and notched the 3rd largest US software IPO in history, behind only Snowflake (No. 1) and Qualtrics (No. 2).
		- They call their automations “software robots” that do robot-like work for humans -- tasks like filling forms, moving files, inputting data, and scraping documents.
	- 
- [ ] Other News
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Comments on Index Model Portfolio for DIY Investors]]
	- [[Time-Weighted Rate of Return]]
	- [[Money-Weighted Rate of Return]]
	- [[Modified Dietz Rate of Return]]
- [ ] Videos
	- [[Five Factor Investing with ETFs]]
	- Why Earth Is A Prison and How To Escape It
	- [[Loneliness]]