| [[2021-06-07]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-06-09]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-06-08 

### Daily Quote
> Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I'm not going to make it, but you laugh inside - remembering all the times you've felt that way.
> &mdash; <cite>Charles Bukowski</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at xxx am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 15
	- US law-enforcement officials recovered $2.3M in crypto that was paid as ransom to the Colonial Pipeline hackers.
	- Fueled by talks of tighter U.S. monetary policy and China’s ongoing pressure on crypto miners, bitcoin's price fell -13% in the last 24 hours to its lowest point in over a week. Some blame the price drop on the ongoing pressure from China on crypto mining operations and trading where Weibo accounts from key opinion leaders in crypto have been blocked.
	- The team behind DeFi platform Polkadot says it is ready to begin its parachain slot auction starting June 15. Polkadot is a blockchain protocol designed to bring together multiple blockchains to operate seamlessly by allowing for any type of data to be sent and received between any type of blockchain. These parallel blockchains are known as “parachains” and they can connect to the network via a limited number of “parachain slots”. Auctioning off more parachain slots allows more blockchains to deploy on Polkadot and interact with other integrated blockchains. Kusama is an experimentation network for teams preparing to deploy on Polkadot.
	- The Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA), the de facto central banking authority in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, revealed its “Fintech 2025 Strategy" in a press conference today. The HKMA said it's expanding its R&D efforts on CBDC from previously just wholesale to potentially something that could be retail facing, similar to the digital yuan across the border in mainland China.
	- According to CoinShares’ “Digital Asset Fund Flows Weekly” report released yesterday, institutional bitcoin investment products saw a record outflow of $141M this past week. The declining institutional demand for BTC comes amid increasing institutional appetites for ETH as it represented more than 26.8% of the combined AUM locked in crypto investment products after receiving inflows of $33M this past week. CoinShares also noted that XRP and ADA investment products are seeing more interest, with XRP’s inflows totaling $7M (its largest weekly inflow since April) and ADA’s inflows tagging $4.5M
	- Politico reported that Tim Wu, one of the White House’s top technology advisers and anti-trust experts, owns between $1M and $5M in bitcoin.
	- Over ₿187,610, or ~1% of bitcoin's circulating supply, has been wrapped into WBTC.
	- The World Economic Forum published a white paper today that's meant to act as a toolkit for regulators looking to understand the DeFi sector.
	- The NHL's San Jose Sharks will start accepting a variety of cryptoassets as payment for season tickets, corporate sponsorships, and suite leases next season via a partnership with crypto payments service BitPay
	- Theta Network Moves Video Streaming to Web 3.0. Streaming content has undergone rapid adoption, expedited by the pandemic. Theta is the first video network using blockchain. Theta is the world's first Decentralized Video Network utilizing blockchain technology to solve streaming and video on-demand shortcomings. Theta uses a peer-to-peer mesh network where anyone on any PC, mobile device, or smart TV can volunteer their spare bandwidth and computing to relay video to other users and earn token rewards for their contributions. The Theta video relayers are Edge Nodes (aka Caching Nodes) which are geographically closer to users (tvs, phones, and computers) compared to a centralized CDN server. As a result, the Theta Network offers end users superior streaming, video platforms lower costs, and relayers rewards for volunteering their bandwidth; all parties benefit in the Theta model.
	- Amazon is advertising for a head of product in blockchain — and says it is seeking someone who has experience in decentralized finance. The tech giant also wants someone who has a deep understanding of applications including Ethereum.
	- The Block reports that daily Bitcoin transactions (aka network activity) fell to 217,000 on Sunday -- a number not seen since 2018. In dollar terms, this is roughly a $10B difference in on-chain volume for Bitcoin, which decreased from $17.3B per day to just $7.7B. Additionally, daily active addresses on the network and new addresses per day have dropped. 
- [ ] Financial News
	- The FDA cleared the first new treatment for Alzheimer's in nearly two decades on Monday, sending shares of maker Biogen (BIIB) up 38% and adding $16.5B in market value. Despite the drug's questionable efficacy, Biogen said it would charge about $56,000 a year per patient (and wouldn't hike prices for four years).
	- Shares of AMC (AMC), BlackBerry (BB) and GameStop (GME) all popped by double-digits yesterday, and are edging up again in premarket trade. Meanwhile, the SEC is watching the ongoing volatility in the market for "disruptions, manipulative trading or other misconduct" and "vowed to protect retail investors."
	- "Never before have we seen such coordinated expansionary fiscal and monetary policy. This will continue as output moves above potential," added David Folkerts-Landau, Deutsche Bank's chief economist. "It may take a year longer until 2023 but inflation will re-emerge.
	- Germany’s largest lender Deutsche Bank said the U.S. could be in for one of its worst inflationary periods in history with government spending and loose monetary policy likely serving as catalysts for creating conditions last seen in the 1940s and 1970s
- [ ] Other News
	- Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Sidewalk project goes live today without asking your permission. The "neighborhood network" pools local Internet connections from millions of Amazon Echo smart speakers and Ring devices to let smart devices have a wider range of operation.
	-  Salesforce (NYSE:CRM) expects 50% to 60% of employees will continue to work from home, up from around 20% before the pandemic, and even bet big on the new way to work by shelling out $27.7B for Slack Technologies (NYSE:WORK). 
	-  "The Department of the Air Force seeks to leverage the current multi-billion-dollar commercial investment to develop the largest rockets ever, and with full reusability to develop and test the capability to leverage a commercial rocket to deliver AF cargo anywhere on the Earth in less than one hour, with a 100-ton capacity," according to the latest budget proposal from the Pentagon.
	-  Google agreed to change its global advertising practices after France's competition watchdog slapped it with an unprecedented $268M fine.
	-  A US government report found it plausible that Covid-19 leaked from a Wuhan lab, according to WSJ's sources.
	-  Apple unveiled new iOS 15 features at its annual developers conference, including IRL-style FaceTime calls and digital keys in Apple Wallet.
	-  The Senate is poised to pass a $200B+ industrial policy bill to counter China — and for once, the bill has broad bipartisan support.
	-  The most expensive drug in the US has a list price of $2.1M,
	-  Hearing impairments, severe gastric upsets and blood clots leading to gangrene have all been linked by doctors in India to the delta variant of Covid-19, which drove the country’s devastating second wave.
	-  An absolute explosion in the number of new homes sold to relocation buyers (people moving to a different city) relative to pre-pandemic levels. Up to 50% to 80% of all of their sales right now are coming from relo buyers.
	-  According to Cisco, streaming currently accounts for 75% of internet traffic.
	-  Content Delivery Networks (CDNs) are servers distributed around the globe that deliver internet content, including streaming, to consumers. CDN's are viewed as critical internet infrastructure due to closer consumer proximity resulting in improved video quality and decreased latency. Despite their importance, CDN's are plagued with issues. Typical experiences include user overload, network strain from high quality graphics, delivery challenges to remote regions, and expensive network maintenance costs. As a result, operational costs increase and subsequently get passed onto the video platforms; Netflix’s CDN costs amount to 20% of sales.
	-  Carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is at its highest level in modern history and 50% higher than in preindustrial times, according to new findings from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agency (NOAA) and the Scripps Institution of Oceanography.
	-  NBCUniversal said it will broadcast more than 7,000 hours of Olympics content across NBC, USA, Peacock, and all of its other media properties this summer. For context, there are on average 730 hours in a month.
- [ ] Local News
	- Les élèves du primaire et du secondaire ne seront plus obligés de porter le masque en classe à compter d’aujourd’hui et jusqu’à la fin de l’année scolaire. Ils devront toutefois continuer à le porter dans les espaces communs, et les transports scolaires.
	- La pandémie a eu un impact quatre fois plus «dévastateur» sur l’emploi que la crise financière de 2008. Selon l’organisme de l’ONU, la crise sanitaire, qui dure maintenant depuis 17 mois, a plongé, à l’échelle de la planète, plus de 100 millions de travailleurs supplémentaires dans la pauvreté.
	- Poka, une plateforme québécoise de formation, obtient 25 millions $US en investissement. Poka donne accès à du contenu pour la formation des employés du secteur manufacturier.
	- CDPQ put out a press release today stating it is increasing its majority stake in Énergir (Gaz Métro). With assets of over $8 billion and 530,000 customers across Québec and the northeastern United States, Énergir is a diversified energy business, with half of its assets now involved in the production and distribution of electricity and renewable energies and in providing energy services. The main distributor of natural gas in Québec, Énergir also produces electricity in the province from wind power through joint-venture companies.
	- SWFI reports CDPQ will soon be launching a green bond.
	- Toutes les régions qui se trouvent actuellement en zone orange passeront en zone jaune le 14 juin.
	- Ottawa accorde une subvention de 15 millions $ au fabricant d’autobus électriques NovaBus.
	- 
- [ ] Readings
	- https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-06-08/kraken-crypto-exchange-is-going-to-extreme-lengths-on-cybersecurity
	- https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-05-17/bitcoin-interest-is-crypto-savings-account-worth-the-risk
	- https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-06-08/irs-chief-asks-congress-for-authority-to-get-cryptocurrency-data
	- https://www.weforum.org/whitepapers/decentralized-finance-defi-policy-maker-toolkit
- [ ] Videos
	- [Rollup Rollup! Top Layer 2s compared // Arbitrum vs Optimism vs Polygon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9Yjhj8obwQ&t)
	- [Polygon's multi-sig attack vector. What's going on?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqL-UKyIGu4&t)
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
