| [[2021-05-21]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-23]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-22 

### Daily Quote
> A man can suffer to bring a group of people to success, not the other way.
> &mdash; <cite>Ganesh</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 4:25 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 19
	- The crypto market has been getting battered. Possible factors? Elon being Elon, Biden’s new crypto tax reporting proposal, and a series of confusing headlines from China among other things.
	- The FTX exchange is in the process of closing a funding round that would value it at $20 billion, three sources tell Frank Chaparro. FTX made $85 million in fee revenue in 2020 and expects to make $400 million in 2021, according to CEO Sam Bankman-Fried.
	- Chinese mining hardware manufacturers Bitmain, MicroBT, and Canaan are expected to deliver more than 300,000 top-of-the-line units this year at an average cost of around $3,000.
	- In Q1 of this year, DeFi accounted for 26% of the $3.18 billion that private investors poured into crypto and blockchain projects. But when VCs back DeFi projects they often say they are investing in a “protocol” rather than a company.
	- Brazil’s huge market and fast adoption of new technologies have helped it become a regional fintech hub. Policymakers aiming to remove traditional barriers of entry to the financial system have embraced digital banking and fast, peer-to-peer payments platforms. Cryptocurrencies have also been popular among Brazilians as a speculative investment.
	- Attackers have stolen at least $370 million from decentralized finance protocols during the past year and a half. The spree has been fueled by the success of Binance Smart Chain, which, as The Block Research’s Igor Igamberdiev notes, has attracted unqualified developers while facing a shortage of smart contract auditors.
	- Crypto volatility:
		- **2011** \- Bitcoin soars from $1 in April to a peak of $32 in June. By November it's worth $2. 
		- **2013** \- Starting the year at $13, Bitcoin jumps to $220 by April, only to change hands at $70 two weeks later. The crypto then climbs from $123 in October, to $1156 by December, then tumbles to $760 in three days. 
		- **2017** \- Trading around $1K in January, Bitcoin reaches nearly $20K by the end of the year. 
		- **2018** \- Prices steadily decline, eventually tracking back to the $3,500 level.
		- **2019** \- Bitcoin tops $10K again over the summer, but ends the year at $7K.
		- **2020** \- Dropping to a low of $5,200 as the pandemic set in, the crypto goes on to reach $30K.
		- **2021** \- Momentum picks up as Bitcoin breaches $40K, $50K and $60K, before the most recent crash.


- [ ] Financial News
	- Skyrocketing share prices for vaccine makers have minted nine new billionaires in Big Pharma, according to the People’s Vaccine Alliance. Moderna CEO Stéphane Bancel and BioNTech (Pfizer’s vaccine bff) CEO Ugur Sahin are both worth more than $4 billion each.
	- A hedge fund notorious for gutting newsrooms and slashing newspaper budgets in the name of profit has won a months-long fight to buy some of the best known U.S. dailies, including the New York Daily News and the Chicago Tribune.
- [ ] Other News
	- 
- [ ] Local News
	- Kansas City Southern a rejeté la proposition d’achat du Canadien Pacifique (CP) et approuve officiellement celle du Canadien National (CN), de Montréal – si l’achat est accepté par les autorités réglementaires, le CN deviendra le premier réseau ferroviaire à relier le Canada, les États-Unis et le Mexique. 
	- Les ventes au détail au Canada ont progressé de 3,6% en mars mais, selon une estimation provisoire de Statistique Canada, elles ont ensuite diminué en avril de 5% par rapport au mois précédent. 
- [ ] Readings
	- 
- [ ] Videos
	- 
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
