| [[2021-05-06]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-08]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-07 

### Daily Quote
> Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
> &mdash; <cite>Mark Twain</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 9:30 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Soon, for the first time, US customers at hundreds of banks will be able to purchase BTC directly from their bank account.
    - Bitcoin’s Taproot Update looks like it could be approved over the next few months. A benefit of Taproot is that mixing coins and disguising transactions would be easier.
    - Uniswap v3 went live on Wednesday. In the first 24 hours since v3 went live, Uniswap accounted for 43% of all decentralized exchange volume on Ethereum.
	- Galaxy Digital made the first $1 billion acquisition in the crypto industry.
	- The Mexico-based crypto exchange Bitso wrapped up a $250 million funding round valuing the company at $2.2 billion.
	- Coin Metrics, a cryptocurrency analytics firm, has raised $15 million.
	- Mike Novogratz’s Galaxy Digital is set to acquire BitGo, a digital asset infrastructure provider, for $1.2 billion in cash and stock. The acquisition, announced Wednesday, will be the crypto industry’s first $1 billion deal.
	- A16z is looking to build out a $1 billion crypto fund.
	- A federal court in California is authorizing the IRS to obtain the identities of any user who has traded $20,000+ on cryptocurrency exchange Kraken.
	- MIT’s Digital Currency Initiative has launched a new academic journal, called _Cryptoeconomic Systems._
	- Bitcoin trading and custody services provider NYDIG has hired John Dalby, CFO of Bridgewater Associates, the world's largest hedge fund, as its CFO. Dalby has joined NYDIG as the firm is experiencing rapid growth. NYDIG recently raised more than $300 million from a group of strategic partners, including Morgan Stanley, New York Life, and MassMutual. The firm also recently launched a global Insurance Solutions practice to create bitcoin-powered products and services for the global insurance industry.
	- Ripple's XRP sales increased nearly 100% in Q1 2021 despite SEC lawsuit. Ripple said its On-Demand Liquidity (ODL) service contributed to the jump.
	- The Financial Times recently reported that Citigroup is planning to launch crypto-related services, including trading, wallet custodianship, and other financing services.
	- Nokia, one of the oldest handphone manufacturers, has just launched its Nokia Data Marketplace, an enterprise-grade blockchain-based data marketplace infrastructure service. Unlike decentralized blockchains, Nokia's blockchain is centralized and is permissioned (as opposed to permissionless).
- [ ] Financial News
	- Yesterday, the EU said it's "ready to discuss" waiving patent protections for Covid vaccines. EU deliberations could take months and lead to nothing (WTO members must vote unanimously on a waiver). Or the WTO could go halfway with a partial waiver, particularly if the US and EU want to keep mRNA tech out of China's hands.
	- Uber have become more of a food delivery company.
		- Uber's "core" rides biz saw bookings plunge 38% last quarter.
		- Uber's food delivery bookings more than doubled from a year earlier.
		- Wild stat: Uber Eats now accounts for more than 60% of Uber's biz.
	- Last week, US Labor Secretary Walsh said he believes gig workers should be classified as employees in many cases. This week, the Biden admin said it's blocking a proposal that would make it easier for gig companies to continue classifying workers as independent contractors.
	- Millions of Americans are unemployed, but companies in industries like construction and restaurants still can't find enough people to hire.
	- Wild demand for spicy sandwiches and hot wings has caused a chicken shortage — now restaurants are paying record prices for poultry.
	- The Friday U.S. jobs report was a pointed reminder of just how far the nation’s recovery has yet to go. Unemployment ticked up to 6.1% as businesses added just 266,000 jobs in April—well below expectations of one million.
	- Lumber prices are now up almost 500% since April 2020 as shortages of lumber have coincided with rising demand for new homes. Last year, expecting a housing slump, many sawmills shutdown. However, the housing slump never arrived and demand for houses has remained strong, leading to shortages for lumber across the country.
	- The Athletic paused merger talks with Axios. The sports media brand is now eyeing a tie-up with The New York Times.
	- Swimply, ‘Airbnb for pools,’ just raised $10m with plans for courts, theaters, and gyms
- [ ] Other News
	- China's greenhouse gas emissions exceeded those of all other developed countries combined in 2019, according to a new report by the Rhodium Group.
	- New York's attorney general said that 82% of complaints filed to the FCC around the repeal of net neutrality protections in 2017 were fake, many of which were reportedly funded by the broadband industry.
	- The World Video Game Hall of Fame announced its latest class of inductees: Animal Crossing, StarCraft, Microsoft Flight Simulator, and Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego?
	- New estimates from Rhodium Group suggest that China's greenhouse gas emissions now exceed those of the rest of the developed world combined, with China responsible for roughly 27% of all emissions in 2019. China's per capita emissions still remain substantially lower.
	- IBM has built a 2nm chip, marking the latest breakthrough in transistor technology for computing. That makes the smallest component smaller than a strand of DNA.
- [ ] Readings
	- https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-s-upcoming-taproot-upgrade-and-why-it-matters-for-the-network
	- [Crypto start-up Dfinity set to launch blockchain rival to AWS](https://www.ft.com/content/a1f7a90d-68cc-4854-9896-c538e2be58ca)
- [ ] Videos
	- [WORST Ways to Store Bitcoin \[3 Mistakes to Avoid\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6rnAGscBrU&t)