| [[2021-05-19]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-21]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-20 

### Daily Quote
> Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
> &mdash; <cite>Sharon Begley</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 4:00 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 23
	- Crypto lending platform, BlockFi, has mistakenly deposited large amounts of BTC into users' wallets as part of a March promotion that required reaching the trading volume threshold. BlockFi is attempting to rectify the issue which includes reversing the transactions, restricting withdrawals, and issuing emails threatening legal action where necessary.
	- China reiterated its ban on offering cryptocurrency services, saying crypto is damaging to the financial order.
	- 
- [ ] Financial News
	- Commodities, which have been dictating movements in the loonie of late, are maintaining their gains. Copper and WTI crude oil are notably up 34% since the start of the year. The CAD is taking advantage of this situation and is atop the list of the best performing G10 currencies against the U.S. dollar since the start of the year. Yesterday,it reached its highest level since 2015.
	- Statistics Canada says the consumer price index in April was up 3.4 per cent compared with a year ago, when prices plunged due to the pandemic. Year-over-year inflation rose at its fastest pace since May 2011
	- Fidelity just launched trading accounts for 13–17-year-olds. That means teens can open an account to make deposits, use a debit card, or trade stocks, mutual funds, and most ETFs.
	- Ford's F-150 (non-electric) has been the best-selling vehicle in the US for 39 years straight. Ford sold nearly 800K F-Series vehicles last year. Ford's annual sales from F-150s are more than Tesla's total yearly sales of all its models.  Today, Ford unveiled the new all-electric F-150 Lightning.
	- Amazon is reportedly in negotiations to purchase MGM for $9B. Amazon has made big investments in Prime Video, which attracted 175M viewers over the past year.
- [ ] Other News
	- In the US, 59% of electricity was generated using natural gas or coal last year, according to the US Energy Information Administration.
	- Climate Change Net-Zero Carbon Target for 2050 includes the following milestones:
		- Blocking new investments in oil and gas fields starting next year
		- Ending the sale of internal combustion engine-powered cars by 2035
		- Quadrupling the amount of new solar and wind capacity that is added annually by 2040
	- Google Aims for Commercial-Grade Quantum Computer by 2029.
	- Fewer than 14% of the US’ restaurants have closed permanently or long-term due to Covid, far lower than experts’ initial projections of about 33%.
	- Amazon Prime spent $465 million for the first season of a new Lord of the Rings series.
	- Lamborghini revealed its plans for an electric future, including gas-electric hybrid models of its entire lineup by 2024.
	- On Tuesday Google debuted LaMDA, or Language Model for Dialogue Applications, which it called “breakthrough conversation technology.” The tech picks up on the nuances of how we speak and can “talk” back in a way that feels relatively natural.
	- Amazon is extending its ban on police use of its facial recognition technology indefinitely. 
- [ ] Local News
	- Le gouvernement Legault a dévoilé le calendrier selon lequel les activités vont reprendre partout au Québec. Toutes les régions devraient passer en zone orange d’ici le 31 mai, au jaune d’ici le 14 juin, puis au vert d’ici le 28 juin.
	- Dès dimanche, la Société des alcools haussera les prix de plus de 1800 produits vendus dans ses succursales. La hausse moyenne sera de 0,30 $ par produit, ou 1,2%. En même temps, la SAQ baissera le prix de 700 produits, de 0,33 $ en moyenne. Elle ne changera pas celui de 600 autres produits.
- [ ] Readings
	- 
- [ ] Videos
	- 
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 

For the Mobile App. I have two questions that popped today durign my readings. What happen during a big crash. Coinbase, Binance and pretty much all platforms locked up. Also, if we allow cash to crypto, crypto to crypto, crypto to cash and cash to cash conversion. How much would be charge? Paypal charge 2.7%-3.5% for online payment, google app 1.5%-3%. Wise which claims to be 5x-13x cheaper than banks charge 1-3% for fx conversion. How do we get better rates than the market to be competitive? Or it is because they are giants that are unchallenged that they can charge so much?