| [[2021-05-19]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-21]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-20 

### Daily Quote
> Successful people appear to be traveling along one continual, successful road. What is not apparent is the perseverance it takes following each defeat to keep you on that road. No one I know of has ever experienced one success after another without defeats, failures, disappointments, and frustrations galore along the way. Learning to overcome those times of agony is what separates the winners from the losers.
> &mdash; <cite>G. Kingsley Ward</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 2:00 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 11
- [ ] Financial News
	- 
- [ ] Other News
	- Transportation contributes 29% to the US’ total emissions, per the EPA.
	- The European Union just agreed to let fully vaccinated non-EU travelers head on over.
	- The highest bid for a seat on Blue Origin’s New Shepard spacecraft was $2.8 million, as of last night. It’s received more than 5,200 bids from 136 countries in the first round of the auction. The mission, which will send six passengers into suborbital space, is set to launch July 20.
	- Microsoft said yesterday it is retiring its Internet Explorer desktop application on most versions of Windows 10 on June 15, 2022. According to NetMarketShare, Chrome owns 69% of the market, Edge 7.8%, Firefox 7.5%, and Internet Explorer 5.2%.
- [ ] Local News
	- Les 190 000 travailleurs de l’Alliance syndicale, dont la convention collective est échue depuis fin avril, ont voté à 93% pour une grève générale illimitée. Leur revendication ne porterait pas sur les salaires, mais plutôt sur l’utilisation d’une application mobile qui sert à marquer l’heure d’arrivée et de départ des travailleurs sur les chantiers. L’Alliance syndicale craint que cette utilisation de la géolocalisation menace la vie privée de ses membres.
- [ ] Readings
	-  [[CoinGecko Q1 2021 Quarterly Cryptocurrency Report]]
- [ ] Videos
	- 
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
