| [[2021-09-07]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-09-09]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-09-08 

### Daily Quote
> I keep asking myself these three questions.. What do you have? What do you want? What will you give up?
> &mdash; <cite>Jack Ma</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at xxx am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- OpenSea Bug Destroys $100,000 Worth of NFTs, Including Historical ENS Name
	- Blockstream to Pilot Renewable Bitcoin Mining Facility With Australia’s Macquarie Group
	- Standard Chartered's new digital asset research team expects bitcoin will double to ~$100,000 by the end of the year or early in 2022 and that it could be worth as much as $175,000 longer-term.
	- Standard Chartered also said it "structurally" valued ether at \$26,000 - \$35,000 if bitcoin reaches its prediction of ~$175,000.
	- Lido Finance, a liquid staking protocol which currently supports Ethereum 2.0 and Terra blockchains, has expanded to Solana. 
- [ ] Financial News
	- Ford has just hired the most senior person who was working on the secretive Apple car, Doug Field. Having previously been Tesla's chief vehicle engineer the hire is a massive coup for Ford, which is aiming for 40% of vehicle sales to be electric by 2030.
	- How will  this week’s end of enhanced unemployment and other pandemic-related benefit programs affect the US economy?
	- Strategists at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Morgan Stanley and Citigroup Inc. issued fresh missives on the potential for negative shocks to upend a streak of gains. The spreading delta virus strain, a flagging global growth recovery or moves by central banks to exit pandemic-era stimulus programs all pose risks.
- [ ] Facts
	- El Salvador's economy is one of the most reliant in the world on remittances (assets or money sent home by migrant workers) — which account for about one-quarter of GDP according to data from the World Bank.
	- ~70% of Salvadorans that don't have a bank account.
	- A majority of the El Salvador population doesn't have access to the internet.
	- TikTok users are now spending more time watching content than YouTube users are, according to a new report from App Annie.
	- Almost 60% of all college students in the United States are now female — the highest proportion in history.
- [ ] Other News
	- 
- [ ] Local News
	- La Banque du Canada maintient son taux directeur à 0,25% et promet de le garder à ce niveau jusqu’à ce que l’économie canadienne soit prête à absorber une hausse – selon la Banque, cela ne devrait pas se produire avant la deuxième moitié de l’an prochain.
- [ ] Readings
	- https://www.wealthsimple.com/en-ca/magazine/cobol-controls-your-money
- [ ] Videos
	- 
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
