| [[2021-05-20]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-22]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-21 

### Daily Quote
> Great ambition is the passion of a great character. Those endowed with it may perform very good or very bad acts. All depends on the principals which direct them.
> &mdash; <cite>Napoleon Bonaparte</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 8:10 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Yesterday's Fear and Greed Index: 11
	- Since hitting an all-time high of $2.57T on May 12, 2021, the crypto market has shed more than $1T in market capitalization and is down nearly -40% from its all-time high.
	- The Fed plans to publish a discussion paper this summer that will have a "particular focus on the possibility of issuing a U.S. central bank digital currency CBDC." Powell said that the CBDC would work alongside the current payments systems (e.g., cash and bank deposits) rather than replacing them.
	- A Dutch court ruled in favor of crypto exchange Bitonic, stating it no longer needs to fulfill crypto wallet-verification requirements implemented by the De Nederlandsche Bank (DNB), the central bank of the Netherlands.
	- As the nation’s power grid struggles to handle rising electricity consumption, Iran enlisted intelligence officers in the government’s latest effort to find and seize computer “farms” that mine crypto without a license.
	- According to recent government proposals, crypto exchanges operating in Hong Kong will have to be licensed by its markets regulator and will only be allowed to provide services to professional investors (an individual with a portfolio of at least $1.03M).
	- Wednesday’s price drawdown was one of the largest capitulation/liquidation events in Bitcoin’s history. Looking at historical price drawdowns, this correction has been deeper than any of 2017, and is the largest bull market correction since the consolidation period between the 2013 double pumps.
	- The U.S. Treasury is proposing a requirement that any crypto transfers over $10K be reported to the IRS, among other plans, given that crypto markets pose a "significant" tax-evasion risk. The news is part of a broader Biden plan to raise $700B in revenue over the coming decade by stepping up IRS scrutiny of Americans, including doubling the size of the IRS workforce by hiring 87K additional employees by 2031. Reporting of the crypto transfers would be set to begin in 2023.
	- Monero (XMR) rallied by 84% after Bitcoin's (BTC) crash once the US Treasury's tax compliance agenda was revealed. Launched in 2014, privacy coins like Monero are one of the few specially designed coins to anonymize transactions.
	- The renowned Hollywood Sign in Los Angeles will be sold as a non-fungible token (NFT) for charitable purposes.
	- In its annual review of vulnerabilities and risks in the financial sector, the Bank of Canada warned that crypto is “high-risk” despite the growing popularity in the eight crypto ETFs operating in the country, “Despite their growing popularity, these markets are not of systemic importance in Canada, neither as an asset class nor as a payment instrument.” The central bank noted that the intrinsic value of cryptoassets like BTC and ETH is “hard to establish,” implying that it believes these assets are only good for speculation.
	- Raretoshi, a new art marketplace for digital patronage, is bringing NFTs to Bitcoin and the layer-2 Liquid Network.
	- Blockchain lending firm Figure Technologies raised $200M in a Series D funding round that values the company at $3.2B.
	- 
- [ ] Financial News
	- Jobless claims in the United States hit their lowest level last week since the start of the pandemic. Progress in the job market will be key to determining if we’ll see a more restrictive Fed bringing about a rally in the U.S. dollar in the months to come.
	- The White House's Press Secretary said Friday that the White House has offered Republicans a $1.7T infrastructure plan, down from $2.3T. Republicans originally offered a $568B plan earlier in the week.
	- Data from IHS Markit data showed U.S. business activity picked up in May on strong demand, though backlogs of uncompleted work are piling up as labor and raw material shortages remain.
	- ECB President Christine Lagarde said it is still too early for the central bank to discuss winding down its $2.25T emergency bond purchase scheme. The news comes less than two weeks ahead of the central bank's crucial policy meeting.
	- US SEC chief Gary Gensler told FINRA conference attendees that federal financial regulators should “be ready to bring cases” against bad actors in crypto and other emerging technologies, “As we continue to stay abreast of those developments, the SEC and FINRA should be ready to bring cases involving issues such as crypto, cyber and fintech.”
	- Crypto exchange FTX is in the latter stages of a funding round said to value the company at around $20 billion, according to sources.
	- Cryptocurrency exchanges FTX and BitMEX have committed to becoming carbon neutral through donations to carbon offsetting companies.
	- This week Swedish company Oatly debuted on the Nasdaq, with shares jumping on its first day of trading — valuing the company at ~$13bn. That's a pretty frothy valuation for a company that sold just $421m of oat milk last year, making a not-so-refreshing $47m operating loss while it did so. Data from Google searches reveal how interest in oat milk has exploded in the last 3-4 years, and explains why investors have been scrambling to invest in Oatly.
	- In line with its motto to democratize financial markets, Robinhood (RBNHD) is rolling out the opportunity for its app users to get in on IPOs through its new product called IPO Access.
	- Earlier this week, WeWork (WE) told Bloomberg that demand and sales have returned to pre-pandemic levels. But according to records obtained by the FT, WeWork losses almost quadrupled to $2.1B in the first quarter.
	- China’s social giant ByteDance (owner of TikTok) is headed for a $250B+ IPO. Its CEO Zhang Yiming will step down in the lead-up to this public debut, handing power to the company’s head of HR, Rubo Liang.
	- The US government is proposing a minimum 15% global tax rate. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen says such a move would stop the “race to the bottom” for tax regimes.
	- Last quarter, sales of Apple Mac computers topped $9 billion, a record for the company, and its U.S. PC market share jumped three percentage points.
- [ ] Other News
	- Wine follow an “inverse U-shape with respect to rank.” The wines in the middle of the menu have the highest percentage markup.
- [ ] Local News
	-
- [ ] Readings
	- https://www.bankofcanada.ca/2021/05/financial-system-review-2021/
	- 
- [ ] Videos
	- 
- [ ] Podcasts
	- 
