| [[2021-04-19]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-04-21]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-04-20 

### Daily Quote
> An aspirational diet will have you dreaming of success; but it's the attachment of expectations and tangible goals that feeds the desire, persistence, and fortitude required to make the win.  
> &mdash; <cite>Lorii Myers</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 10:45 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- https://www.ar.ca/blog/crypto-market-recap-04-19-21
	- Canadian bitcoin mining company Bitfarms said late on Monday it is planning a new bitcoin mining site in Argentina that will be its largest yet. The eight-year deal supplies Bitfarms with 210 Megawatt of electricity, at a price of $0.02 per kilowatt per hour in the first four years.
		- Bitfarms currently operates five industrial mining sites in the Canadian province of Quebec, with a total wattage of 69 megawatts.
		- The break-even cost to mine a bitcoin during the fourth quarter of 2020 was approximately $7,500 in Quebec. The breakeven cost to mine the same bitcoin in Argentina would have been $4,125, a 45% savings as compared to Quebec.
	- The smartest people in tech get this and have begun integrating crypto. That’s why Zuck is pursuing Diem, Musk is buying Bitcoin, and Jack is doing BlueSky. That’s why Bitcoin is now in every major fintech app from Square to Robinhood, why the CEO of Shopify is trying out Ethereum, and why Andreessen Horowitz and USV made early bets on crypto and Coinbase – bets that just paid off with one of the largest tech listings since Facebook.
	- Three ether (ETH) exchange-traded funds (ETFs) began trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange on Tuesday. The ETFs are by Canada-based asset managers: Purpose Investments, CI Global Asset Management, and Evolve Funds Group.
	- Sheffield, head of crypto at Visa, said Visa aims to be in a position to “bridge” the existing payment system with CBDCs in a way that makes adoption easier for users and merchants.
	- PayPal's Venmo now allows users to buy and sell crypto. The company said in an announcement that the service, called "Crypto on Venmo," starts to roll out on Tuesday and will be available to its 70 million customers directly in the Venmo app within the next few weeks.
		- Similar to PayPal, the offering on Venmo is enabled through the partnership with Paxos, which facilitates the transactions behind the scene.  BTC, ETH, LTC and BCH are the only supported crypto assets within the Venmo app.
- [ ] Financial News
	- Tech stocks dropped and Tesla dragged down the S&P after a car crashed on Saturday, killing two, with no one in the driver's seat. 
	- After the social audio startup Clubhouse caught fire during the pandemic, internet companies including Spotify, LinkedIn, Twitter, Discord, Slack, and Reddit have all announced some sort of "social audio" function to host spontaneous conversations.
	-  The US’ largest coal mining union said it would back Biden’s push for renewable energy in exchange for job opportunities in the sector. 
	-  Reuters will put its public-facing news site behind a pay wall. This might make sense for the company, but there are fewer and fewer public, non-paywalled, non-metered, global news sites left.
	-  Tobacco stocks like Altria (MO) and Philip Morris (PM) are continuing to sell off premarket amid reports of new regulatory efforts by the Biden administration. Under consideration is requiring tobacco companies to lower the nicotine levels of all cigarettes sold in the U.S. to a level at which they are no longer classified as addictive. 
	-  Global carbon emissions are on track to jump 4.8% this year, according to the IEA, marking the biggest annual gain since 2010's record-setting increase, when the world was bouncing back from the global economic crisis.
		-  The latest report card from the United Nations showed that 75 signatories to the accord - responsible for a third of global emissions - "fell far short" of what is needed to meet the deal's goals.
- [ ] Other News
	- In their latest survey, Pew found that 60% of US adults now support legalized recreational and medical use and an additional 31% back medical marijuana. That leaves just 8% of adults who oppose legalized marijuana. 
		- The pot industry isn't a sure bet. Canada's legal market kicked off with an investment boom, but today many cannabis businesses there are struggling due to tightly regulated distribution, restrictions on marketing, and less demand than expected.
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Overview of Asset Allocation]]
	- [[The Secret Economics of a VIP Party]]
- [ ] Videos