| [[2021-05-13]] | [[Home]] | [[2021-05-15]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## 2021-05-14 

### Daily Quote
> Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
> &mdash; <cite>John Wooden</cite>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 8:05 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- Crypto Fear & Greed Index at 31 yesterday
	- Tether says its reserves are  backed by cash to the tune of . . .  2.9%. It looks like just over 20 per cent of its reserves are made up of liquid, quality assets. The reserve analysis also shows that Tether’s assets are made up mainly of various forms of long and short-term corporate debt. We do not know if this debt is secured or unsecured, nor what the assets backing it are (if there are any). The reserves are thus exposed to unknown levels of credit and liquidity risk. 
	- FTX.US hires former Citadel Securities exec to 'massively scale' its crypto exchange
	- Microsoft is closing down its Azure Blockchain Service in September
	- "Ethereum is About Six Months Away from Proof-of-Stake:" Preston Van Loon. Preston co-founded Prysmatic Labs, one of the main teams building Ethereum 2.0, and has been leading that team for the past three years. On top of that, he recently founded a DeFi project which bundles the entire crypto market cap in one token to allow anyone to easily buy something like a crypto index.
	- This week Elon Musk announced that Tesla would not, in fact, be accepting Bitcoin as payment for Tesla cars, citing concerns over how much energy Bitcoin mining uses. For those keeping score this announcement comes only 3 months after Musk announced that Tesla would accept Bitcoin.
	- Vitalik Buterin, the creator of cryptocurrency Ethereum, has donated the equivalent of $1bn to the COVID-19 relief fund in India.
	- 
- [ ] Interest Rates
	- DAI
		- Highest Yields: Fulcrum at 10.96% APY, Nexo Lend at 10% APY
		- Cheapest Loans: Compound at 6.42% APY, Aave at 7.24% APY
	- USDC
		- Highest Yields: Fulcrum at 11.65% APY, Nexo Lend at 10% APY
		- Cheapest Loans: Compound at 7.29% APY, dYdX at 10.18% APY
	- Total Defi Users: Est. 2.37M

- [ ] Financial News
	-  U.S. consumer sentiment deteriorated unexpectedly in early May as more Americans grew increasingly concerned about rising prices.
	-  A group of around 10 banks, including big players such as JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and U.S. Bank, will begin sharing customers' deposit account records with each other as an alternative underwriting method for credit cards in the US. The program will be geared toward applicants without credit scores—an estimated market of 53 million.
	-  The ongoing chip shortage is expected to cost the auto industry $110 billion this year, almost double analysts' estimate from January.
	-  The spring labor shortage will push wages up 3% before settling.
	-  This week McDonald's announced plans to raise wages by around 10% for more than 36,000 workers who work in its company-owned restaurants (not franchises). They employ more than 4 million people across the United States alone. McDonald's pulls in $2.9m a year per restaurant. Chick-fil-A does a whopping $4.5m. Starbucks, Taco Bell and Burger King do around $1.5m per restaurant per year. The average Subway does just $410k a year. 
	-  Softbank has reported the largest profit of any Japanese company in history, with $45.9bn in net profit for the year ending in March.
	-  In a videoconference with universities in Atlantic Canada, Bank of Canada Governor Tiff Macklem provided clarification about his game plan, stating that ending support measures would be conditional on a complete recovery in the economy. In concrete terms, this would mean the creation of 700,000 additional jobs and sustainably keeping inflation around the 2% target, among other benchmarks.
- [ ] Other News
	- The Biden administration said it will begin updating its guidance for travel, schools and other sectors, likely further relaxing rules across the U.S. after health officials largely lifted mask mandates for Covid-vaccinated people.
	- Israel’s forces fired artillery into the Hamas-run Gaza Strip and kept up a blistering five-day air assault, sweeping aside international appeals for de-escalation.
	- High-earning Americans are now more likely to move homes than low earners—a reversal of the usual pattern—as the pandemic offers remote-work opportunities to white-collar employees. 
	- “Junk” health insurance could be quietly costing Americans thousands. These are low-cost plans that are stuffed with fine print excluding payments for common treatments, imposing more severe limits than general insurance plans, and denying coverage for pre-existing conditions.
- [ ] Local News
	- Selon un rapport de l’Institut de recherche en économie contemporaine (Iréc), le Réseau express métropolitain de l’Ouest pourrait coûter 9 milliards $, plutôt que les 6,5 milliards $ actuellement estimés par le gouvernement.
	- Greyhound a définitivement mis un terme à ses trajets interurbains à l’intérieur du Canada – le transporteur par autobus prévoit toutefois de reprendre ses activités sur certaines lignes entre le Canada et les États-Unis, dont Montréal-New York et Montréal-Boston.
- [ ] Readings
	- [[Tether Article]]
	- [[Statégie d'investissement en Crypto]]
	- https://www.theblockcrypto.com/daily/104889/what-are-tokenized-stocks-binance-ftx
- [ ] Videos
	- 