| [[<% tp.date.yesterday()%>]] | [[Home]] | [[<% tp.date.tomorrow() %>]] |
| :------------: | :------: | :------------: |

## <% tp.date.now() %> 

### Daily Quote
<%~ tp.web.daily_quote() %>

### Today's Note
- [ ] Woke up at 10:30 am
- [ ] Crypto News
	- The JPMorgan Bitcoin fund will be for private wealth clients.
- [ ] Financial News
	- The bulk of Tesla's revenue does come from its core business of selling electric vehicles, with around \$8.5bn of revenue from automotive sales — but around \$1.9bn of revenue in its latest quarter came from other sources. (servicing and other charges to old Tesla cars, selling emissions credits, Energy Generation & Storage (sales of solar panels etc), bitcoin)
	- The price of corn has jumped 16% in the last month and 44% so far this year as unseasonably bad weather and the pandemic has put pressure on global production.
	- US consumer confidence hit a 14-month high, and house prices jumped the most in 15 years in February.
	- Despite the drop-off in commuting, podcasts became _more_ popular during Covid. An estimated 41% of the American population over the age of 12 listens in, and this year annual advertising revenues are expected to top $1 billion in the US for the first time.
	- Biden signed an executive order that increases the minimum wage for federal contractors to $15/hour. 
	- President Joe Biden will unveil on Wednesday a sweeping $1.8 trillion "American Families Plan" in his first address to a joint session of Congress today. The legislative proposal includes $1 trillion in spending and $800 million in tax cuts and credits for middle- and lower-income families.
	- Consulting firm Oliver Wyman found 51% of people were willing to buy an EV in March 2021, up from 34% in spring 2020.
	- China’s fintech giant Ant Group could see its value fall to $29B (from as high as $300B+) if Chinese regulators implement new finance rules.
	- Corporate insiders can avoid losses if they dispose of their stock while in possession of material, non-public information. One means of disposal, selling the stock, is illegal and subject to prompt mandatory reporting. That second method is to donate the stock to a charity and take a charitable tax deduction at the inflated stock price. “Insider giving” is a potent substitute for insider trading.
- [ ] Other News
	- A scoop from the Financial Times reports that China is set to announce its first population drop in five decades
- [ ] Readings
- [[3 Principles of Successful Investors]]
- [[Terra Overview]]
- [[Terra Money - Stability and Adoption]]
- https://a16z.com/2021/04/13/latin-america-fintech/
- [ ] Videos