---
tags: journal
---
Date: 2021-01-08

###  Random Thoughts and Reflection 1

I am procrastinating right now. I am feeling anxious. I am pushing back important stuff. Why do I feel that? Why can't I work on what matter right now? I have been so productive for the last 8 weeks. I thought I got something good going. I am almost at the finish line for my research project but I have wasted the last two weeks. I can barely work on it. I keep pushing it back. I need to find a job too. I keep pushing it back too. I should update my resume. I should apply. Why must I wait to create my website? Why does it matter? It is just another excuse to delay. Why do I wait until the pressure is so high that I have to do the work or regret heavily? What is my fear? What is causing anxiety and hesitation? Where am I right now in my life? Let's organize this in writing.

I am 35 years old. Currently without work for the past 28 months. Sure, I traveled. Sure, I learned alot. Sure, I went back to school. Sure, I spent the last 8 months learning to code. Sure, I learned to rebuild myself and become more productive and use my time more wisely and have a stronger mindset. But I don't have results. What matter is results. I am unemployed. I am older. I have no money. I am living with my family. I can't afford to spend anything on myself. I don't have a girlfriend. There is a pandemic right now. I can't socialize. I can't go out. I've worked hard to sustain my mental equilibrium. I worked hard on myself. But it is enough?

What matters most right now? What would hurt me most if I fail it? I spent the last 10 weeks working on my research project. I need to finish it and move on. I need to apply and search for jobs and prepare and then move on. I need to continue my education and learn more but that's not as urgent. I need to learn to drive and get around but it's not urgent. I need to move out and go to an appartment and live by myself. It is not urgent. But I do aspire to be independent.

I didn't plan to have any resolutions this year. I want to just keep improving and continuing all the good habits I built in 2020. This mean working out more. Eating better. Keep learning. Control my time well. Be productive. Get a job eventually. Move out. Learn to drive. Learn to live. I want to become stable. I want space to breath. I want to be able to enjoy myself. Ultimately, I am seeking happiness and success.

What's the worst that can happen right now? I am now stuck with my back against the wall. I need to improve my life and that means making money. Why did I do the research project? In anticipation for a job. Why am I learning so much and thinking of building a website? To show myself to the world. I need to get back and earn and get paid for what I am worth.

What else am I scared of now? What are my current priorities? I need to finish the research project. I need to apply for jobs. That's all. Everything else can wait. Today is friday, the 8th of January. I procrastinated enough. It's time to do. No more excuses. Finish this and then think about the next step later. Don't mix up aspirations and real deadlines. Be focused. I have so much to gain from doing those two things. I'll also free up so much headspace. I'll then be able to look forward to new things. So I need to shut up the voice in my head that don't want to work. I need to work. I desire to work. I need it for my plans. I need it for my future. So why am I wasting my time? This is so counterproductive. I am a proud person. I need to be proud of myself. I need to succeed.