Ardia, David, Keven Bluteau, Kris Boudt, and Koen Inghelbrecht. “Climate Change Concerns and the Performance of Green versus Brown Stocks$,” n.d., 40.

[[Notes on Climate Change Concerns and the Performance of Green versus Brown Stocks]]

> We empirically test the prediction of Pastor, Stambaugh, and Taylor 2020 that green ﬁrms can outperform brown ﬁrms when climate change concerns strengthen unexpectedly for S&P 500

>  To capture unexpected increases in climate change concerns, we construct a Media Climate Change Concern index using climate change-related news published by major U.S. newspapers.

> This result implies that when concerns about climate change rise unexpectedly, green ﬁrms’ stock price increases, while brown ﬁrms’ stock price decreases.

> We identify ﬁve themes that have an eﬀect on green vs. brown stock returns.

> This result implies that the relationship between concern and green vs. brown stock returns arises from both investors updating their expectations about the future cash-ﬂows of green and brown ﬁrms and changes in investors’ sustainability taste.

## Abstract

We empirically test the prediction of Pastor, Stambaugh, and Taylor 2020 that green ﬁrms can outperform brown ﬁrms when climate change concerns strengthen unexpectedly for S&P 500 companies over the period January 2010 - June 2018. To capture unexpected increases in climate change concerns, we construct a Media Climate Change Concern index using climate change-related news published by major U.S. newspapers. We ﬁnd a negative relationship between the ﬁrms’ exposure to the Media Climate Change Concerns index and the level of the ﬁrm’s greenhouse gas emission per unit of revenue. This result implies that when concerns about climate change rise unexpectedly, green ﬁrms’ stock price increases, while brown ﬁrms’ stock price decreases. Further, using topic modeling, we analyze which type of climate change news drives this relationship. We identify ﬁve themes that have an eﬀect on green vs. brown stock returns. Some of those themes can be related to change in investors’ expectations about the future cash-ﬂow of green vs. brown ﬁrms, while others cannot. This result implies that the relationship between concern and green vs. brown stock returns arises from both investors updating their expectations about the future cash-ﬂows of green and brown ﬁrms and changes in investors’ sustainability taste.

![[Pasted image 20201124012042.png]]

##  Annotations
*Extracted Annotations (11/24/2020, 1:56:43 AM)*

"Anecdotal evidence of the consequences of sustainability preferences
shifts in the nancial market over time are the rapid growth of
sustainable (green) investing (GSIA 2018) and the massive fossil fuel
(brown) disinvestment campaign (Halcoussis and Lowenberg 2019)." (Ardia,
Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :41
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=2>)

"Pastor, Stambaugh, and Taylor (2020) propose a theoretical framework
outlining the impact that changes in sustainability preferences have on
asset prices in the context of climate change. Their model implies that
the stock returns of green rms can outperform those of brown rms when
concerns about climate change strengthen unexpectedly." (Ardia, Bluteau,
Boudt and Inghelbrecht :41
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=2>)

"The authors posit that this eect arises from two channels: (i) changes
in investors' expectations about cash- ows of green versus brown rms and
(ii) changes in investors' sustainability tastes." (Ardia, Bluteau,
Boudt and Inghelbrecht :41
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=2>)

"In this paper, we test empirically if unexpected increases in climate
change concerns drive green versus brown stocks' performance." (Ardia,
Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :41
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=2>)

"The challenge in testing the above lies in the fact that the concern
about climate change over time is latent and must be proxied. We tackle
this challenge by deriving unexpected increases in climate change
concerns from news articles discussing climate change published in
highly circulated U.S. newspapers." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and
Inghelbrecht :41 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=2>)

"To construct our index, we rst compute a \concern score" per article
that helps segregating concern-expressing news from non-expressing
ones." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :42
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=3>)

"Our empirical study focuses on S&P 500 rms for a period ranging from
January 2010 to June 2018." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :42
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=3>)

"To quantify a rm's greenness, we rely on the ASSET4/Renitiv CO2 (carbon
dioxide) equivalent greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions data scaled by the
rms' revenue. Thus, the variable measures the number of tonnes of CO2
equivalent GHG emissions necessary for a rm to generate a one million
dollar revenue, namely, the GHG emissions intensity. Firms whose
variable is below (above) the 25th (75th) percentile on a given day are
dened as green (brown) rms." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :42
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=3>)

"To quantify the damages to the environment, we use the greenhouse gas
(GHG) emission level disclosed by the rms." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and
Inghelbrecht :54 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=15>)

"We retrieve these variables from the Asset4/Renitiv database." (Ardia,
Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :54
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=15>)

"Similarly to Ilhan, Sautner, and Vilkov (2020), we focus on S&P 500 rms
because surveys on greenhouse gas emissions typically target these. Thus
we can assume an accurate level of 13 reporting." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt
and Inghelbrecht :54 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=15>)

"These are reported in tonnes of carbon dioxide (CO2) equivalents."
(Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :54
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=15>)

"This scaled-GHG variable is refered to as GHG emissions intensity (see
Drempetic, Klein, and Zwergel 2019; Ilhan, Sautner, 14 and Vilkov
2020)." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :54
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=15>)

"While our GHG emissions source diers from Ilhan, Sautner, and Vilkov
(2020) who use the Carbon Disclosure Pro ject database, we see that our
coverage of S&P 500 rms is similar, averaging slightly above 50% of the
rms in the universe." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :55
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=16>)

"The average GHG emission is 682.49 tonnes of CO2-equivalent emissions
by one million revenue. The 25th and 75th percentiles are 21.54 and
378.93, respectively." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :55
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=16>)

"The quartiles, together with the skewness and kurtosis statistics,
indicate a distribution of GHG emissions intensity that is highly
positively skewed and fat-tailed." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and
Inghelbrecht :55 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=16>)

"Finally, we note that GHG emissions are typically reported with a
one-year delay. Similarly to Ilhan, Sautner, and Vilkov (2020), we
account for this by shifting the GHG emission intensity variable by
twelve months in our analyses." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht
:55 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=16>)

"Our paper empirically veries the prediction of Pastor, Stambaugh, and
Taylor (2020) that green rms can outperform brown rms when climate
change concerns strengthen unexpectedly." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and
Inghelbrecht :63 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=24>)

"Our rst contribution is to construct a daily proxy to capture
unexpected increases in climate change concerns at the daily frequency."
(Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :63
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=24>)

"We then design an article-level concern score and aggregate these
scores daily across newspapers to obtain our Media Climate Change
Concerns index. We nd that this index captures several key climate
change events that are highly susceptible to increase concerns about
climate change." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :63
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=24>)

"Our second contribution is to show the impact of the climate change
concern index on the dierence in performance between green (resp. brown)
stocks based on their greenhouse gas emissions intensity from 2010 to
2018." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :63
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=24>)

"Finally, we derive topical Climate Change Concern indices to evaluate
the suggestion by Pastor, Stambaugh, and Taylor (2020) that the eect
arises from a cash- ow channel and an investors' taste channel." (Ardia,
Bluteau, Boudt and Inghelbrecht :64
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=25>)

"Thus, we empirically validate the idea that the eect arises from a
cash- ow channel and a investors' taste channel." (Ardia, Bluteau, Boudt
and Inghelbrecht :64 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/GCXJL3HQ?page=25>)