Sermpinis, Georgios, Arman Hassanniakalager, Charalampos Stasinakis, and Ioannis Psaradellis. “Technical Analysis and Discrete False Discovery Rate: Evidence from MSCI Indices.” SSRN Electronic Journal, 2018. https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3284621.

---

> Compared to the existing methods, DFRD+/- is adaptive and more powerful, and accommodates for discrete pvalues. 

## Abstract

We investigate the performance of dynamic portfolios constructed using more than 21,000 technical trading rules on 12 categorical and country-specific markets over the 2004-2015 study period, on rolling forward structures of different lengths. We also introduce a discrete false discovery rate (DFRD+/-) method for controlling data snooping bias. Compared to the existing methods, DFRD+/- is adaptive and more powerful, and accommodates for discrete pvalues. The profitability, persistence and robustness of the technical rules are examined. Technical analysis still has short-term value in advanced, emerging and frontier markets. Financial stress, the economic environment and market development seem to affect the performance of trading rules. A cross-validation exercise highlights the importance of frequent rebalancing and the variability of profitability in trading with technical analysis.


*Extracted Annotations (11/13/2020, 4:26:58 PM)*

"Over the years many studies have 6 L is user defined and should not be
confused with M." (Sermpinis, Hassanniakalager, Stasinakis and
Psaradellis 2018:11 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/84QMFWGC?page=11>)

"6 L is user defined and should not be confused with M." (Sermpinis,
Hassanniakalager, Stasinakis and Psaradellis 2018:11
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/84QMFWGC?page=11>)

"The relevant literature highlights the superiority of the FDR process
(see among others, Harvey and Liu, 2015; Bajgrowicz and Scaillet, 2012;
Liang, 2016). The advantage of this method lies in the fact that by
tolerating a certain, usually small amount of Type I errors, the FDR
improves the power to detect more significant discoveries, compared to
its stricter competitor, the FWER, which guards against a single
erroneous selection and so leads to missed findings." (Sermpinis,
Hassanniakalager, Stasinakis and Psaradellis 2018:12
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/84QMFWGC?page=12>)

"Overview of the FDR Procedure" (Sermpinis, Hassanniakalager, Stasinakis
and Psaradellis 2018:12 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/84QMFWGC?page=12>)

"FDR is defined as the proportion of false discoveries among the
rejected null hypotheses." (Sermpinis, Hassanniakalager, Stasinakis and
Psaradellis 2018:12 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/84QMFWGC?page=12>)

"tried to control the FDR measure, some with more incremental and others
with more comprehensive approaches. Nevertheless, the fundamental idea
of identifying as many true rejections as possible without including too
many false ones remains the same (Benjamini and Yekutiely, 2001; Storey,
2003; Storey and Tibshirani, 2003; Storey et al., 2004; Liang and
Nettleton, 2012; Liang, 2016). In financial applications, Barras et al.
(2010) introduced for the first time an FDR approach similar to that of
Storey (2003) which focuses on measuring the proportion of false
discoveries among mutual funds generating alphas, while trying to
identify those displaying significant positive performance. 12"
(Sermpinis, Hassanniakalager, Stasinakis and Psaradellis 2018:12
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/84QMFWGC?page=12>)

"Benjamini and Hochberg's method (1995) assumes that the p-values are
mutually independent, something that is not the case in our study. On
the other hand, the Benjamini and Yekutieli (2001) approach assumes that
p-values have a more arbitrary dependence structure, but it is less
powerful. Storey (2002) improves its power with an approach based on the
assumption that, for a two-tailed test, the true null p-values are
uniformly distributed over the interval [0,1], whereas the p-values of
alternative models lie close to zero." (Sermpinis, Hassanniakalager,
Stasinakis and Psaradellis 2018:13
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/84QMFWGC?page=13>)

"His approach utilizes information from the centre of the distribution
of t-statistics" (Sermpinis, Hassanniakalager, Stasinakis and
Psaradellis 2018:13 <zotero://open-pdf/library/items/84QMFWGC?page=13>)

"Issues regarding False Discovery Rate Existing Methods" (Sermpinis,
Hassanniakalager, Stasinakis and Psaradellis 2018:14
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/84QMFWGC?page=14>)

"Efforts have been made to provide evidence for "weak dependence"
conditions of the test statistics under which the FDR approach holds
(Benjamini and Yekutiely, 2001; Storey, 2003; Storey and Tibshirani,
2003; Storey et al., 2004; Farconemi, 2007; Wu, 2008). Most of them show
that this happens when the number of tests increases to infinity with
dependence effects diminishing to zero due to asymptotics." (Sermpinis,
Hassanniakalager, Stasinakis and Psaradellis 2018:14
<zotero://open-pdf/library/items/84QMFWGC?page=14>)

"Sermpinis, Hassanniakalager, Stasinakis and Psaradellis 2018:16)

"In terms of choosing λ, a small value can lead to estimators with a
large positive bias, while a high value of λ leaves only a small number
of p-values on its right-hand side to estimate Sermpinis,
Hassanniakalager, Stasinakis and Psaradellis 2018:16)